
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.026044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2026044154500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2026044154500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 549829                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   705167                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2227955017                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 830180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   909.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     641260670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           27424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       443687328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          443714752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        27424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         27424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    432204288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       432204288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         13865229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            13866086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      13506384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           13506384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              13536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          218991934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             219005470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         13536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            13536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       213324220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            213324220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       213324220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             13536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         218991934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            432329689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    13866086                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   13506384                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  13866086                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 13506384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              887429504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               436816512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               443714752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            432204288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6681105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       326123                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            866740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            866581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            866725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            866640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            866690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            866757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            866596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            866611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            866538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            866599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           866627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           866587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           866685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           866565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           866546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           866599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            426522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            426806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            426489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            426859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            426497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            426776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            426349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            426684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            426319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            426651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           426361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           426642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           426328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           426673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           426470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           426832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2026043586500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              13866086                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             13506384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                13866086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 171633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 174505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 404888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 404940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 404938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 404938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 404939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 404939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 404941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 404940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 404953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 404945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 405025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 404972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 404944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 404948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 404938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 404937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1836628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    721.019782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   555.534366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.885266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        67863      3.69%      3.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       286429     15.60%     19.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       142197      7.74%     27.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        66813      3.64%     30.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        72209      3.93%     34.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        90297      4.92%     39.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        68603      3.74%     43.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        73774      4.02%     47.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       968443     52.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1836628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       404937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.446879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     33.178312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     45.091282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       404935    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        404937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       404937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.855111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.826557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.986292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           230426     56.90%     56.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             2870      0.71%     57.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           171528     42.36%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              112      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        404937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 108796255000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            368785367500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                69330430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7846.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26596.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       438.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       215.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    219.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    213.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12662399                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6192316                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      74017.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6942831840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3788251500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             54080052000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            22116123360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         132330871920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         710470823085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         592402179750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1522131133455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            751.284963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 974388944250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   67653820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  983994249500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6942068280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3787834875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             54075184800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            22111548480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         132330871920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         710231272605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         592612320000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1522091100960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            751.265199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 974740847750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   67653820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  983646223250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4052088309                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     641260670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             637137353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                9227435                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         660                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     16683844                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    637137353                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       9227435                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1249374303                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          553481593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             12369393                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             8527128                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             84591760                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           269610148                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     206857898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   144386317                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   62471581                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4052088309                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          16714695                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   139      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 430201596     67.09%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   215447      0.03%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 3985520      0.62%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                144386317     22.52%     90.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                62471581      9.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  641260670                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          13861134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4095.291534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           192992687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          13865230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.919184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         676465500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4095.291534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3654                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         841296898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        841296898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    143921326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       143921326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     49071361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       49071361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     192992687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        192992687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    192992687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       192992687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       465008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        465008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     13400222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     13400222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     13865230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13865230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     13865230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13865230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36146198500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36146198500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1057291825000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1057291825000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1093438023500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1093438023500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1093438023500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1093438023500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    144386334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144386334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     62471583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     62471583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    206857917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206857917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    206857917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206857917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214501                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.214501                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77732.422883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77732.422883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78901.067833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78901.067833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78861.874163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.874163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78861.874163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.874163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     13506385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          13506385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       465008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       465008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13400222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     13400222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13865230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13865230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13865230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13865230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  35681190500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35681190500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1043891603000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043891603000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1079572793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1079572793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1079572793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1079572793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214501                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214501                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76732.422883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76732.422883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77901.067833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77901.067833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77861.874163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77861.874163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77861.874163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77861.874163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                58                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           754.090210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           739546682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          854967.262428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   754.090210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.736416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.736416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.788086                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5916381241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5916381241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    739546682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       739546682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     739546682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        739546682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    739546682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       739546682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    739547547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    739547547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    739547547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    739547547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    739547547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    739547547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        77200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        77200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        77200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        77200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        77200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  13844511                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 28938.705761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      449524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  13877279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.032393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1881296483500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    26821.746152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.756446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2116.203163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.818535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.064581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.883139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        28378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  55004787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 55004787                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13506385                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         13506385                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           58                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               58                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data              1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                        9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                       9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         13400222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            13400222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           857                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              857                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       465007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          465007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            13865229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               13866086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           13865229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              13866086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1023791270000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1023791270000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64530500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     64530500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  34983668000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  34983668000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      64530500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1058774938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1058839468500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64530500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1058774938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1058839468500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13506385                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13506385                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           58                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           58                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       13400222                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          13400222                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       465008                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        465008                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          13865230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             13866095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         13865230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13866095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.990751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.990751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.990751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         1.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.990751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        1.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76401.067833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76401.067833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75298.133022                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75298.133022                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75232.562090                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75232.562090                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75298.133022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76361.878913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76361.813168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75298.133022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76361.878913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76361.813168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             13506384                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  13506384                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          261                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           261                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13400222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       13400222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          857                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          857                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       465007                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       465007                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       13865229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          13866086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      13865229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         13866086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 889789050000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 889789050000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55960500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55960500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30333598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30333598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55960500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 920122648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 920178608500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55960500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 920122648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 920178608500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.990751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.990751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     1.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.990751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     1.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66401.067833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66401.067833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65298.133022                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65298.133022                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65232.562090                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65232.562090                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65298.133022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66361.878913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66361.813168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65298.133022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66361.878913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66361.813168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             465864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13506384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           326123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          13400222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         13400222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        465864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     41564679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     41564679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               41564679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    875919040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    875919040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               875919040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          27698593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                27698593    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            27698593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         54711364500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        45281098500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     27727287                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13861192                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          12265                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12264                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            465873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     27012769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          692875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13400222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13400222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       465008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     41591593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              41593381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    875891680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              875921216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        13844511                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         27710606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               27698340     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  12265      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           27710606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20616865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13865230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
