
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.507940                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1507939813500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1507939813500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 673997                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   864416                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2032694116                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 828768                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   741.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     641260670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           33728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       447086144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          447119872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        33728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    435601920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       435601920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6985721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6986248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       6806280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            6806280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              22367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          296488056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             296510423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         22367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            22367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       288872219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            288872219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       288872219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             22367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         296488056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            585382642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6986248                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    6806280                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6986248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  6806280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              447119872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               435600064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               447119872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            435601920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       163054                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            436730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            436619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            436697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            436671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            436680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            436692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            436621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            436614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            436573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            436622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           436632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           436589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           436672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           436609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           436591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           436636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            425505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            425459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            425465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            425511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            425467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            425426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            425324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            425333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            425292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            425298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           425334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           425291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           425302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           425320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           425443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           425481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1507939189500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6986248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              6806280                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6986248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 370822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 371261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 378906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 379007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 379002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 379001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 378999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 379001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 379000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 379003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 379004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 379003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 379032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 379186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 379020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 379020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 378999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 378997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1655710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    533.136803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   344.506383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   409.791482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       128911      7.79%      7.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       590125     35.64%     43.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71193      4.30%     47.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        63734      3.85%     51.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        61872      3.74%     55.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        60140      3.63%     58.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        61678      3.73%     62.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        63918      3.86%     66.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       554139     33.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1655710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       378997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.005807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.956682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     23.447320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        378995    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        378997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       378997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.958588                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.956153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.285042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             7715      2.04%      2.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              423      0.11%      2.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           370702     97.81%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              156      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        378997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  72384301500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            203376451500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                34931240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10360.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29110.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       296.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       288.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    296.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    288.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  6156877                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5979912                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     109330.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6259143240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3415207125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             27247927200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            22054615200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          98491289520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         533217642930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         437029180500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1127715005715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            747.851414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 717611517750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   50353160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  739975001000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6258024360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3414596625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             27244807200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            22049891280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          98491289520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         533132449875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         437103919500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1127694978360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            747.838126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 717736316250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   50353160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  739850216250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3015879627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     641260670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             637137353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                9227435                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         660                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     16683844                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    637137353                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       9227435                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1249374303                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          553481593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             12369393                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             8527128                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             84591760                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           269610148                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     206857898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   144386317                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   62471581                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3015879627                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          16714695                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   139      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 430201596     67.09%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   215447      0.03%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 3985520      0.62%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                144386317     22.52%     90.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                62471581      9.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  641260670                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6983673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.667249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           199872188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6985721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             28.611533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         482125500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.667249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1661848993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1661848993                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    144100727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       144100727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     55771461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       55771461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     199872188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        199872188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    199872188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       199872188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       285600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        285600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      6700121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6700121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      6985721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6985721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      6985721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6985721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  23245582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23245582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 545233151500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 545233151500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 568478733500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 568478733500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 568478733500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 568478733500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    144386327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144386327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     62471582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     62471582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    206857909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206857909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    206857909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206857909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.107251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.107251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81392.093838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81392.093838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81376.612676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81376.612676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81377.245599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81377.245599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81377.245599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81377.245599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6806280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           6806280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       285600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       285600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6700121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6700121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6985721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6985721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6985721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6985721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22959982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22959982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 538533030500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 538533030500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 561493012500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 561493012500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 561493012500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 561493012500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.107251                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107251                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80392.093838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80392.093838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80376.612676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80376.612676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80377.245599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80377.245599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80377.245599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80377.245599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           491.106752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           739547019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1400657.232955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   491.106752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.239798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.239798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.257812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5916380904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5916380904                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    739547019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       739547019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     739547019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        739547019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    739547019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       739547019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     41882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     41882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    739547547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    739547547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    739547547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    739547547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    739547547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    739547547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79321.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79321.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79321.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79321.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79321.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79321.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78321.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78321.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78321.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78321.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78321.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78321.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6978648                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 14506.073617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      274712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6995032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.039272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1372800279500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13120.603837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.439908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1385.029872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.800818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.084536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.885380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  27665074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 27665074                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6806280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          6806280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                        1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                       1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          6700121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6700121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           527                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              527                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       285600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          285600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6985721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6986248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6985721                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6986248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 528482849000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  528482849000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40550500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     40550500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22531582000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  22531582000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      40550500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  551014431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     551054981500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40550500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 551014431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    551054981500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6806280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6806280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        6700121                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6700121                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          528                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            528                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       285600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        285600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           6985721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6986249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          6985721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6986249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998106                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998106                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            1.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           1.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78876.612676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78876.612676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76945.920304                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76945.920304                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78892.093838                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78892.093838                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76945.920304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78877.245599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78877.099911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76945.920304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78877.245599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78877.099911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              6806280                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   6806280                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           56                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            56                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6700121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6700121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       285600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       285600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6985721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6986248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6985721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6986248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 461481639000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 461481639000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35280500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35280500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19675582000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19675582000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35280500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 481157221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 481192501500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35280500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 481157221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 481192501500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       1.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      1.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68876.612676                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68876.612676                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66945.920304                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66945.920304                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68892.093838                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68892.093838                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66945.920304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68877.245599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68877.099911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66945.920304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68877.245599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68877.099911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             286127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6806280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           163054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6700121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6700121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        286127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20941830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     20941830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               20941830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    882721792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    882721792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               882721792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13955582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13955582    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13955582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         41180704500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36790491500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13969922                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6983673                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           9370                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9369                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            286128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13612560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          349760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6700121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6700121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       285600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20955114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              20956170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    882688064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              882721856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6978648                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         13964897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025900                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               13955526     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   9370      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           13964897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13791241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10478581500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
