
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.626776                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1626775996500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1626775996500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 298422                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   491421                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              970929848                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 834040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1675.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          115136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       537153600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          537268736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       115136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        115136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534174272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534174272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8393025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8394824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8346473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8346473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              70776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          330195184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             330265960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         70776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            70776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       328363753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            328363753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       328363753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             70776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         330195184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            658629713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8394824                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8346473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8394824                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8346473                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              537241984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   26752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534170880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               537268736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534174272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    418                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        30509                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            524875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            535702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            524159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            523674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            523989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           523904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           524283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           524136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           524368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           523906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            521841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           521754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           521830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           521916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1626763270500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8394824                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8346473                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8394405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 518599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 520715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 520721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 520713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 520712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 520717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 520714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 520717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 524043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 520712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 520740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 520966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 520714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 520721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 520713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 520712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1420372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    754.318491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   555.046352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   376.650933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       201255     14.17%     14.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57532      4.05%     18.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        62047      4.37%     22.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        56124      3.95%     26.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        44276      3.12%     29.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        69666      4.90%     34.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        42463      2.99%     37.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        55108      3.88%     41.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       831901     58.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1420372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       520712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.121007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.069057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.549715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        520705    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        520712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       520712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.028860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.026991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.256281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           513958     98.70%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.00%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5224      1.00%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1523      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        520712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  88485351250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            245880463750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41972030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10540.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29290.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       330.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       328.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    330.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    328.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7621939                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7698515                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      97170.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5399533440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2946174000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             32781652800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27042284160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         106252932240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         412568408250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         614162091000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1201153075890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            738.365205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1014751327750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   54321540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  557700818500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5338478880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2912860500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             32694714000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27042517440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         106252932240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         396815728365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         627980231250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1199037462675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            737.064708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1037851786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   54321540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  534600360250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3253551993                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3253551993                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8681684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2045.006205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           262990815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8683732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             30.285460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7646707500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2045.006205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         280358279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        280358279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    156891869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       156891869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    106098946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      106098946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     262990815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        262990815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    262990815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       262990815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       322509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        322509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8361223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8361223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8683732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8683732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8683732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8683732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11558037500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11558037500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 676683550500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 676683550500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 688241588000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 688241588000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 688241588000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 688241588000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073049                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073049                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35837.875842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35837.875842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80931.168861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80931.168861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79256.428918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79256.428918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79256.428918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79256.428918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8513512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8513512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       322509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       322509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8361223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8361223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8683732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8683732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8683732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8683732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11235528500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11235528500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 668322327500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 668322327500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 679557856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 679557856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 679557856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 679557856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073049                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073049                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34837.875842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34837.875842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79931.168861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79931.168861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78256.428918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78256.428918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78256.428918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78256.428918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           910.821619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675348391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          128125.287611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   910.821619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.444737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.444737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.642090                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         675358933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        675358933                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675348391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675348391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675348391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675348391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675348391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675348391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195614500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195614500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195614500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    195614500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195614500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    195614500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37111.458926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37111.458926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37111.458926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37111.458926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37111.458926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37111.458926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    190343500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    190343500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    190343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    190343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36111.458926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36111.458926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36111.458926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36111.458926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36111.458926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36111.458926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8422474                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15120.850290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      553486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8438604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.065590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9952.395116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         91.722483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5076.732691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.607446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.005598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.309859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.922903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984497                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  34174469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 34174469                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8513512                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8513512                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3956                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3956                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              64644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 64644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            3472                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3472                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         226063                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            226063                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  3472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                290707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   294179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 3472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               290707                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  294179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8296579                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8296579                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1799                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1799                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        96446                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           96446                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8393025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8394824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8393025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8394824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 655101718500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  655101718500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    145956500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    145956500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8378095500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   8378095500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     145956500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  663479814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     663625770500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    145956500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 663479814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    663625770500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8513512                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8513512                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3956                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3956                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8361223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8361223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           5271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       322509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        322509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              5271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8683732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8689003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             5271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8683732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8689003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.992269                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.992269                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.341301                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.341301                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.299049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.299049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.341301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.966523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.966144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.341301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.966523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.966144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78960.462921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78960.462921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81132.017788                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81132.017788                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86868.252701                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86868.252701                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81132.017788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79051.332982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79051.778870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81132.017788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79051.332982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79051.778870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8346473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8346473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        18990                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         18990                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8296579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8296579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1799                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1799                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        96446                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        96446                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8393025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8394824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8393025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8394824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 572135928500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 572135928500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    127966500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127966500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7413635500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7413635500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    127966500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 579549564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 579677530500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    127966500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 579549564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 579677530500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.341301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.299049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.341301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.966523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.966144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.341301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.966523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.966144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68960.462921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68960.462921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71132.017788                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71132.017788                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76868.252701                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76868.252701                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71132.017788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69051.332982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69051.778870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71132.017788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69051.332982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69051.778870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              98245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8346473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            30509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8296579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8296579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         98245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25166630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25166630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25166630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1071443008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1071443008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1071443008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16771806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16771806    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16771806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50157747000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44179627500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17374643                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8685640                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          64482                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        64481                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            327780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16859985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          244172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8361223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8361223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          5271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       322509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     26049147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              26063645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       590528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1100623616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1101214144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8422474                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         17111477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.061273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               17046994     99.62%     99.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  64482      0.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           17111477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17204789500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           7906500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13025598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
