
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.622281                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1622280627500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1622280627500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 319828                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   526672                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1037702815                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 834036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1563.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          119488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       536171904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          536291392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       119488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        119488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534112256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534112256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8377686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8379553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8345504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8345504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              73654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          330505028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             330578682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         73654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            73654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       329235428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            329235428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       329235428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             73654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         330505028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            659814110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8379553                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8345504                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8379553                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8345504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              536287616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534110976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               536291392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534112256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        16277                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            524014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            524055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            523974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            523559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            523734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           523748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           524011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           523980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           523916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           523695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            521670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            521816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           521738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           521803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           521837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1622267997500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8379553                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8345504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8379493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 518548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 520679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 520680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 520679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 520675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 520674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 520671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 520681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 524002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 520671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 520696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 520887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 520671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 520674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 520671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 520671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1409430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    759.454951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   563.322824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.545527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       193288     13.71%     13.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55294      3.92%     17.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        61836      4.39%     22.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        55606      3.95%     25.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        44148      3.13%     29.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        69009      4.90%     34.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        43294      3.07%     37.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        55318      3.92%     40.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       831637     59.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1409430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       520671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.093633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.053677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.459650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        520665    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        520671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       520671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.028325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.026491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.253829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           514038     98.73%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                7      0.00%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5141      0.99%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1481      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        520671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  88311468500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            245426981000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41897470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10539.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29289.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       330.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       329.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    330.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    329.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7616576                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7698972                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      96996.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5333096160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2909923500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             32678622600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27037573200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         105958984560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         394737846660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         627102663000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1195758709680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            737.088362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1036402718500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   54171260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  531699255250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5322194640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2903975250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             32681430600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27041163120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         105958984560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         393616052460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         628086701250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1195610501880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            736.996997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1038059579750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   54171260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  530042407750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3244561255                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3244561255                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8396338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2046.273402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           263276161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8398386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.348423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        6891163500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2046.273402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2181794762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2181794762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157119141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157119141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    106157020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      106157020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     263276161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        263276161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    263276161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       263276161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        95237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         95237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8303149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8303149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8398386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8398386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7599189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7599189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 675875575000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 675875575000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 683474764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 683474764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 683474764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 683474764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79792.402113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79792.402113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81399.909239                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81399.909239                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81381.680242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81381.680242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81381.680242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81381.680242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8372856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8372856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        95237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        95237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8303149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8303149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8398386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8398386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7503952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7503952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 667572426000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 667572426000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 675076378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 675076378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 675076378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 675076378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78792.402113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78792.402113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80399.909239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80399.909239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80381.680242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80381.680242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80381.680242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80381.680242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           790.354324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675350027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          185790.929023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   790.354324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.771830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.771830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5402832931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5402832931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675350027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675350027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675350027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675350027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675350027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675350027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180086500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180086500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180086500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    180086500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180086500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    180086500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49542.365887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49542.365887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49542.365887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49542.365887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49542.365887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49542.365887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              2613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    176451500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    176451500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    176451500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    176451500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    176451500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    176451500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48542.365887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48542.365887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48542.365887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48542.365887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48542.365887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48542.365887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8374363                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15129.933249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      102483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8390563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.012214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9732.676247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         95.003536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5302.253465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.594035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.005799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.323624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.923458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988770                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  33494683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 33494683                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8372856                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8372856                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2613                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2613                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               7577                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  7577                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1768                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1768                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          13123                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             13123                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  1768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 20700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    22468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 1768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                20700                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   22468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8295572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8295572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        82114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           82114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8377686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8379553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8377686                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8379553                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 655038143000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  655038143000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    152403500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    152403500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7223295000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7223295000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     152403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  662261438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     662413841500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    152403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 662261438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    662413841500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8372856                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8372856                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2613                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2613                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8303149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8303149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3635                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3635                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        95237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         95237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8402021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8398386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8402021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999087                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999087                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.513618                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.513618                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.862207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.862207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.513618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.997535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.513618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.997535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78962.384149                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78962.384149                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81630.155329                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81630.155329                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87966.668290                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87966.668290                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81630.155329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79050.639759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79051.214486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81630.155329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79050.639759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79051.214486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8345504                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8345504                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         4185                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          4185                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8295572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8295572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        82114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8377686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8379553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8377686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8379553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 572082423000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 572082423000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133733500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133733500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6402155000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6402155000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133733500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 578484578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 578618311500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133733500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 578484578000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 578618311500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.513618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.862207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.513618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.513618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68962.384149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68962.384149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71630.155329                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71630.155329                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77966.668290                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77966.668290                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71630.155329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69050.639759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69051.214486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71630.155329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69050.639759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69051.214486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              83981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8345504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8295572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8295572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         83981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25120887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25120887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25120887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1070403648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1070403648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1070403648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16741334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16741334    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16741334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50123403500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44097126250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16800972                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8398951                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          16767                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        16766                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             98872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16718360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2613                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           52340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8303149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8303149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        95237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25193109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25202992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       399872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1073359488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1073759360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8374363                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16776384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16759616     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  16767      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16776384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16775955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5452500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12597579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
