
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.297498                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2297497857500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2297497857500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 184130                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   303213                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              846076057                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2715.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          217408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       533464512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          533681920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       217408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        217408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532015264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532015264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16670766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16677560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16625477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16625477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              94628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          232193693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             232288321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         94628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            94628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       231562899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            231562899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       231562899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             94628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         232193693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            463851220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16677560                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16625477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16677560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16625477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1067362368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534510272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               533681920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532015264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8273728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        17944                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1041921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1042793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1042475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1042505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1042020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1042623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1043216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2297484671500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16677560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16625477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16677536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2013786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    795.453261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   611.492111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.863434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       238706     11.85%     11.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        77207      3.83%     15.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        56651      2.81%     18.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        79014      3.92%     22.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        74267      3.69%     26.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        57946      2.88%     28.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        62189      3.09%     32.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        88071      4.37%     36.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1279735     63.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2013786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.993036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.912058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.289456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521280    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.021384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.020131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.208552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515813     98.95%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                7      0.00%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5258      1.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              208      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 122721782750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            435425601500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83387685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7358.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26108.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       464.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       232.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    232.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    231.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15326722                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7688752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      68987.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7617108240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4156160250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             65037562200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27058957200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         150061307760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         613170968940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         840628821000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1707730885590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            743.300653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1387047087250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   76718460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  833731286500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7607113920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4150707000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             65047226400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27060207840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         150061307760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         611829919395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         841805180250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1707561662565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            743.226997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1389015686750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   76718460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  831762687000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4594995715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4594995715                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16687910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.779460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254982554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16692006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.275729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7676781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4092.779460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2190088486                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2190088486                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157119043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157119043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97863511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97863511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254982554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254982554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254982554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254982554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        95347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         95347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16596659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16596659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16692006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16692006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16692006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16692006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7587298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7587298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1299194607000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1299194607000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1306781905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1306781905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1306781905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1306781905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.144999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.144999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79575.634262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79575.634262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78280.490489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78280.490489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78287.888526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78287.888526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78287.888526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78287.888526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16667101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16667101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        95347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        95347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16596659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16596659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16692006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16692006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16692006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16692006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7491951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7491951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1282597948000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1282597948000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1290089899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1290089899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1290089899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1290089899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.144999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78575.634262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78575.634262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77280.490489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77280.490489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77287.888526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77287.888526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77287.888526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77287.888526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4990286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           790.703754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           670362360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4991302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            134.306111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   790.703754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.772172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         680344964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        680344964                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    670362360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       670362360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     670362360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        670362360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    670362360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       670362360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4991302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4991302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  65371457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  65371457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  65371457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  65371457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  65371457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  65371457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13097.075072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13097.075072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13097.075072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13097.075072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13097.075072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13097.075072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4990286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4990286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4991302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4991302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  60380155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60380155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  60380155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60380155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  60380155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60380155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12097.075072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.075072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12097.075072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.075072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12097.075072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.075072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16660358                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29809.465135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10066505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16692588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.603052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    23491.794802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        390.215975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5927.454359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.716913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.180892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.909713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1009                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983582                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  76650751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 76650751                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16667101                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16667101                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4990286                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4990286                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               8014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  8014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         4984508                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4984508                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          13226                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             13226                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               4984508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 21240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5005748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              4984508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                21240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5005748                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16588645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16588645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6794                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6794                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        82121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           82121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16670766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16677560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16670766                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16677560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1257618812500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1257618812500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    555868000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    555868000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7210057000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7210057000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     555868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1264828869500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1265384737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    555868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1264828869500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1265384737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16667101                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16667101                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4990286                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4990286                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16596659                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16596659                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4991302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        95347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         95347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16692006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             21683308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          4991302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16692006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            21683308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.861286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.861286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.998728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.769143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.998728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.769143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75812.027595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75812.027595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81817.486017                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81817.486017                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87797.968851                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87797.968851                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81817.486017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75871.070921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75873.493335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81817.486017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75871.070921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75873.493335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16625477                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16625477                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         4693                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          4693                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16588645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16588645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6794                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6794                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82121                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        82121                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16670766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16677560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16670766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16677560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1091732362500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091732362500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    487928000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487928000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6388847000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6388847000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    487928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1098121209500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1098609137500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    487928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1098121209500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1098609137500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.861286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.769143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.769143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65812.027595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65812.027595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71817.486017                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71817.486017                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77797.968851                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77797.968851                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71817.486017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65871.070921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65873.493335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71817.486017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65871.070921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65873.493335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              88915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16625477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            17944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16588645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16588645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         88915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49998541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49998541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49998541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1065697184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1065697184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1065697184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          33320981                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                33320981    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            33320981                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66571978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54452534500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     43361504                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21678196                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          21630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21630                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5086649                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33292578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4990286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           55690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16596659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16596659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4991302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        95347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14972890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50071922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              65044812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    319410816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1067491424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1386902240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16660358                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         38343666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000564                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               38322036     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  21630      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           38343666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        32509445500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4991302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16692006000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
