
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.251820                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2251820173500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2251820173500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 161815                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   266466                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              728756927                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3089.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          195584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       534175136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          534370720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       195584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        195584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532152352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532152352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16692973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16699085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16629761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16629761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              86856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          237219269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             237306125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         86856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            86856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       236320981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            236320981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       236320981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             86856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         237219269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            473627106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16699085                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16629761                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16699085                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16629761                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1068678592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   62848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534770112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               534370720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532152352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8273953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        36207                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1042054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1044353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1057468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1043175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1042267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1042252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1043292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1044193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1043183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            522026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            523642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            522028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            522017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           522079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2251807179500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16699085                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16629761                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16698102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2016789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    795.050302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   611.274126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.005880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       239839     11.89%     11.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        77598      3.85%     15.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51443      2.55%     18.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        83043      4.12%     22.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        80483      3.99%     26.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        53190      2.64%     29.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        66488      3.30%     32.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        79448      3.94%     36.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1285257     63.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2016789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.018239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.939763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.282880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521512    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.022041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.020760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.210878                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515842     98.91%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               12      0.00%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5510      1.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              153      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 122680157000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            435769588250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83490515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7346.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26096.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       474.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       237.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    237.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    236.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15338562                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7698535                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      67563.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7657418160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4178154750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             65173383600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27078850800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         147077586240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         628492401360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         799779810750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1679437605660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            745.815125                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1318782995250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   75193040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  857838869750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7589506680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4141099875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             65071819800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27066623040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         147077586240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         612434931930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         813865318500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1677246886065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            744.842253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1342326967000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   75193040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  834294911750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4503640347                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4503640347                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          17140176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2046.940432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254532336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          17142224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.848268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7396005500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2046.940432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         288816784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        288816784                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    156805587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       156805587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97726749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97726749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254532336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254532336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254532336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254532336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       408803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        408803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16733421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16733421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     17142224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17142224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13041535500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13041535500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1300826057500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1300826057500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1313867593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1313867593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1313867593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1313867593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.146194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31901.760750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31901.760750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77738.201740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77738.201740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76645.107018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76645.107018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76645.107018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76645.107018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16930662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16930662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       408803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       408803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16733421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16733421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17142224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17142224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12632732500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12632732500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1284092636500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1284092636500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1296725369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296725369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1296725369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296725369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30901.760750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30901.760750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76738.201740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76738.201740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75645.107018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75645.107018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75645.107018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75645.107018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            634874                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           896.318267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674717764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            635898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1061.047155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1441396283500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   896.318267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.875311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5403465194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5403465194                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674717764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674717764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674717764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674717764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674717764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674717764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       635898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        635898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       635898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         635898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       635898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        635898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8702908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8702908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8702908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8702908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8702908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8702908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13686.012537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13686.012537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13686.012537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13686.012537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13686.012537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13686.012537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       634874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            634874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       635898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       635898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       635898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       635898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       635898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       635898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8067010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8067010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8067010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8067010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8067010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8067010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12686.012537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12686.012537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12686.012537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12686.012537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12686.012537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12686.012537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16710437                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31164.928446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2039895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16742800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.121837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    25242.532841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        334.535894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5587.859711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.770341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.170528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.951078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987640                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  69029393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 69029393                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16930662                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16930662                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       634874                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           634874                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             142181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                142181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          629786                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             629786                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         307070                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            307070                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                629786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                449251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1079037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               629786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               449251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1079037                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16591240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16591240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6112                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6112                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       101733                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          101733                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16692973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16699085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16692973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16699085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1257499604500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1257499604500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    500410000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    500410000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8795292500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   8795292500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     500410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1266294897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1266795307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    500410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1266294897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1266795307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16930662                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16930662                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       634874                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       634874                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16733421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16733421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       635898                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         635898                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       408803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        408803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            635898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17778122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           635898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         17142224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17778122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.991503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009612                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.009612                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.248856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.009612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.973793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.939305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.009612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.973793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.939305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75792.985003                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75792.985003                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81873.363874                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81873.363874                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86454.665644                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86454.665644                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81873.363874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75857.961131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75860.162817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81873.363874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75857.961131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75860.162817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16629761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16629761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        20781                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         20781                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16591240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16591240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6112                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6112                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       101733                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       101733                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16692973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16699085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16692973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16699085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1091587204500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091587204500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    439290000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439290000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7777962500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7777962500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    439290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1099365167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099804457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    439290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1099365167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099804457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.939305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.939305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65792.985003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65792.985003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71873.363874                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71873.363874                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76454.665644                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76454.665644                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71873.363874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65857.961131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65860.162817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71873.363874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65857.961131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65860.162817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16629761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            36207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16591240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16591240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        107845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     50064138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     50064138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               50064138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1066523072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1066523072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1066523072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          33365053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                33365053    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            33365053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66624619000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54527788750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     35553172                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17775050                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          65250                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        65250                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1044701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33560423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       634874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          290190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16733421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16733421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        635898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       408803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1906670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51424624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              53331294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     40664704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1090332352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1130997056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16710437                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         34488559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               34423309     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  65250      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           34488559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26559354000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         635898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       17142224000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
