
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.630374                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1630374337500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1630374337500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 212949                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   350670                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              694372187                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 834036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2347.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          310720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       536216512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          536527232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       310720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        310720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534151296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534151296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             4855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8378383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8383238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8346114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8346114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             190582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          328891654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             329082236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        190582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           190582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       327624941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            327624941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       327624941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            190582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         328891654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            656707177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8383238                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8346114                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8383238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8346114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              536523328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534149312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               536527232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534151296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     61                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        20124                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            524439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            524358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            524211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            524034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            524089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           524017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           524665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           524144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           523923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           523806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            521763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            521880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           521771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           521821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           521841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1630361671500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8383238                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8346114                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8383176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 518575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 520717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 520716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 520713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 520713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 520713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 520710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 520713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 524056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 520713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 520730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 520918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 520712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 520710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 520708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 520708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1412663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    757.910868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   560.706086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   374.528466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       196124     13.88%     13.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55544      3.93%     17.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        61853      4.38%     22.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        55888      3.96%     26.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43580      3.08%     29.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        69915      4.95%     34.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        42757      3.03%     37.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        55222      3.91%     41.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       831780     58.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1412663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       520708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.099536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.057495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.463194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        520702    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        520708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       520708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.028336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.026503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.253784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           514070     98.73%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.00%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5154      0.99%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1480      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        520708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  88378566250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            245563135000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41915885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10542.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29292.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       329.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       327.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    329.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    327.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7617582                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7699015                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      97455.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5346893160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2917451625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             32694090000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27040307760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         106487886960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         398228797125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         628899045750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1201614472380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            737.019078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1039372571000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   54441660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  536556702750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5332839120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2909783250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             32694690600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27042310080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         106487886960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         396508083120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         630408444000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1201384037130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            736.877739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1041900275000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   54441660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  534028998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3260748675                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3260748675                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8396338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2046.281973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           263276161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8398386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.348423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        6891163500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2046.281973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1030                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2181794762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2181794762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157119141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157119141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    106157020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      106157020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     263276161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        263276161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    263276161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       263276161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        95237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         95237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8303149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8303149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8398386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8398386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7661932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7661932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 675877363500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 675877363500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 683539295500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 683539295500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 683539295500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 683539295500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80451.211189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80451.211189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81400.124639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81400.124639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81389.364040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81389.364040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81389.364040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81389.364040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8372745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8372745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        95237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        95237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8303149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8303149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8398386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8398386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7566695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7566695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 667574214500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 667574214500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 675140909500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 675140909500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 675140909500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 675140909500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79451.211189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79451.211189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80400.124639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80400.124639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80389.364040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80389.364040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80389.364040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80389.364040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            653255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           480.717482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674699895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            653767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1032.018892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      826950727500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   480.717482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.938901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5403483063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5403483063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674699895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674699895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674699895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674699895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674699895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674699895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       653767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        653767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       653767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         653767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       653767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        653767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8859397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8859397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8859397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8859397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8859397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8859397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13551.306505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13551.306505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13551.306505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13551.306505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13551.306505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13551.306505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       653255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            653255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       653767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       653767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       653767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       653767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       653767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       653767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8205630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8205630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8205630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8205630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8205630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8205630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12551.306505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12551.306505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12551.306505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12551.306505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12551.306505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12551.306505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8383769                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15135.965276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1392904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8399973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.165822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9815.424721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        222.794569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5097.745986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.599086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.013598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.311142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.923826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15073                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989014                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  34804867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 34804867                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8372745                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8372745                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       653255                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           653255                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               7510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  7510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          648912                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             648912                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          12493                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             12493                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                648912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 20003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   668915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               648912                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                20003                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  668915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8295639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8295639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          4855                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             4855                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        82744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           82744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                4855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8378383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8383238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               4855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8378383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8383238                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 655040595500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  655040595500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    404758000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    404758000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7292592000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7292592000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     404758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  662333187500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     662737945500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    404758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 662333187500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    662737945500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8372745                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8372745                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       653255                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       653255                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8303149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8303149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       653767                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         653767                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        95237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         95237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            653767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8398386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              9052153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           653767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8398386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             9052153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007426                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.007426                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.868822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.868822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.007426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.997618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.926104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.007426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.997618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.926104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78962.042044                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78962.042044                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83369.309990                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83369.309990                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88134.390409                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88134.390409                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83369.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79052.627160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79055.127088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83369.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79052.627160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79055.127088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8346114                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8346114                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         5141                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          5141                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8295639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8295639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4855                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         4855                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82744                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        82744                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           4855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8378383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8383238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          4855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8378383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8383238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 572084205500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 572084205500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    356208000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356208000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6465152000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6465152000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    356208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 578549357500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 578905565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    356208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 578549357500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 578905565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.868822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.926104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.926104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68962.042044                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68962.042044                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73369.309990                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73369.309990                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78134.390409                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78134.390409                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73369.309990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69052.627160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69055.127088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73369.309990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69052.627160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69055.127088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              87599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8346114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            20124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8295639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8295639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         87599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25132714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25132714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25132714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1070678528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1070678528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1070678528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16749476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16749476    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16749476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50138167000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44117179250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18101746                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9049593                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          22672                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        22671                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            749004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16718859                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       653255                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           61247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8303149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8303149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        653767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        95237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1960789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25193109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              27153898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     83649408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1073352384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1157001792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8383769                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         17435922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               17413249     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  22672      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           17435922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        18076873000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         980650500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12597579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
