
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.622843                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1622843009500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1622843009500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 218669                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   360089                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              709730278                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 834040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2286.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          114560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       536296640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          536411200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       114560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        114560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534179136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534179136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8379635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8381425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8346549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8346549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              70592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          330467357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             330537949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         70592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            70592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       329162546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            329162546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       329162546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             70592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         330467357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            659700495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8381425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8346549                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8381425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8346549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              536403008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534177536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               536411200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534179136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        17043                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            524139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            524697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            524156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            523682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            523888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           523772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           524064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           524044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           524014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           523786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            521739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            521914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           521768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           521848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           521904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1622830343500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8381425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8346549                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8381296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 518673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 520741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 520744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 520744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 520736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 520736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 520735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 520742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 524051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 520735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 520742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 520817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 520737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 520736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 520734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 520734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1411845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    758.284758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   561.167883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   374.398256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       195610     13.85%     13.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56054      3.97%     17.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        60858      4.31%     22.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        55799      3.95%     26.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        44514      3.15%     29.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        68538      4.85%     34.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        43128      3.05%     37.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        55592      3.94%     41.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       831752     58.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1411845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       520734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.095139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.055252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.453066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        520728    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        520734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       520734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.028383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.026561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.252859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           514033     98.71%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                8      0.00%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5309      1.02%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1382      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        520734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  88334593750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            245483912500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41906485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10539.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29289.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       330.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       329.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    330.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    329.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7616910                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7699066                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      97012.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5344950240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2916391500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             32689230600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27042018480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         105996109440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         397322351775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         625176591000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1196487643035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            737.279369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1033186420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   54190240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  535464970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5328597960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2907469125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             32684886000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27043457040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         105996109440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         395151823980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         627080562750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1196192906295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            737.097751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1036376401000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   54190240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  532274989000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3245686019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3245686019                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8431763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.834803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           263241760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8432787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.216460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1752420500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.834803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2181829163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2181829163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157099868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157099868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    106141892                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      106141892                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     263241760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        263241760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    263241760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       263241760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       114510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        114510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8318277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8318277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8432787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8432787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8432787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8432787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7964710500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7964710500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 676092193000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 676092193000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 684056903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 684056903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 684056903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 684056903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69554.715745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69554.715745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81277.912842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81277.912842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81118.721901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81118.721901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81118.721901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81118.721901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8394783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8394783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       114510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       114510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8318277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8318277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8432787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8432787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8432787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8432787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7850200500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7850200500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 667773916000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 667773916000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 675624116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 675624116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 675624116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 675624116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68554.715745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68554.715745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80277.912842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80277.912842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80118.721901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80118.721901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80118.721901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80118.721901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           909.872944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675348391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          128125.287611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   909.872944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.444274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.444274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.642090                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         675358933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        675358933                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675348391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675348391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675348391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675348391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675348391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675348391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    196369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    196369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    196369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    196369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    196369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37254.600645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37254.600645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37254.600645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37254.600645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37254.600645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37254.600645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36254.600645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36254.600645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36254.600645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36254.600645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36254.600645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36254.600645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8370097                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15692.881118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      163657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8386305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.019515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10070.471014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         93.358594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5529.051509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.614653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.005698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.337467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989258                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  33578358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 33578358                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8394783                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8394783                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3956                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3956                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              22194                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 22194                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            3481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          30958                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             30958                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  3481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 53152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 3481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                53152                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8296083                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8296083                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1790                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1790                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        83552                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           83552                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8379635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8381425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8379635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8381425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 655063437500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  655063437500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    146604500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    146604500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7353369500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7353369500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     146604500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  662416807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     662563411500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    146604500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 662416807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    662563411500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8394783                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8394783                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3956                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3956                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8318277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8318277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           5271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       114510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        114510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              5271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8432787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8438058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             5271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8432787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8438058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.997332                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997332                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.339594                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.339594                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.729648                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.729648                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.339594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.993697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.993288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.339594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.993697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.993288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78960.569404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78960.569404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81901.955307                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81901.955307                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88009.497080                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88009.497080                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81901.955307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79050.794814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79051.403729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81901.955307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79050.794814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79051.403729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8346549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8346549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3144                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3144                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8296083                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8296083                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1790                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1790                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        83552                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        83552                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8379635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8381425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8379635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8381425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 572102607500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 572102607500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    128704500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128704500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6517849500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6517849500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    128704500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 578620457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 578749161500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    128704500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 578620457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 578749161500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.339594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.729648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.339594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.993697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.993288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.339594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.993697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68960.569404                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68960.569404                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71901.955307                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71901.955307                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78009.497080                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78009.497080                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71901.955307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69050.794814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69051.403729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71901.955307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69050.794814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69051.403729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              85342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8346549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            17043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8296083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8296083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         85342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25126442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25126442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25126442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1070590336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1070590336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1070590336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16745017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16745017    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16745017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50131288500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44107178750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16873777                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8435719                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           9649                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9649                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            119781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16741332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           60527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8318277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8318277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          5271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       114510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25297336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25311834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       590528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1076964480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1077555008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8370097                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16808155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023954                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16798505     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   9650      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16808155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16835627500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           7906500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12649180500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
