
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.241302                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2241301895500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2241301895500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 298375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   491344                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1337495626                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 836468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1675.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           99712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       534008960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          534108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        99712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         99712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532021280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532021280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16687780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16690896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16625665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16625665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              44488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          238258381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             238302869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         44488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            44488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       237371539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            237371539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       237371539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             44488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         238258381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            475674408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16690896                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16625665                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16690896                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16625665                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1068199744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   17600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534562304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               534108672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532021280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8273097                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        29804                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1041910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1043221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1056689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1041863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1041978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1042150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1042776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2241289241500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16690896                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16625665                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16690620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2020158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    793.384502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   615.117542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   355.205213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       226427     11.21%     11.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        82325      4.08%     15.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59785      2.96%     18.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        88210      4.37%     22.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        85239      4.22%     26.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        52906      2.62%     29.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        82341      4.08%     33.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        66892      3.31%     36.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1276033     63.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2020158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.016595                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.933455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.428249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521304    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.022175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.020859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.213963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515696     98.92%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.00%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5279      1.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              330      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 122854898750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            435804042500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83453105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7360.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26110.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       476.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       238.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    238.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    237.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15335287                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7687712                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      67272.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7669423440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4184705250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             65145693600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27063396000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         146390521680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         626942127330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         794828166000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1672224033300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            746.097027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1310778025750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   74841780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  855675875500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7602971040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4148446500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             65041150200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27061037280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         146390521680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         609241782240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         810354792750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1669840701690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            745.033650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1336718569750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   74841780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  829735345250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4482603791                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4482603791                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16913103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4090.957508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254757361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16917199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.059075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7906266500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4090.957508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          905                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         288591759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        288591759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    156955851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       156955851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97801510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97801510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254757361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254757361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254757361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254757361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       258539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        258539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16658660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16658660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16917199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16917199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16917199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16917199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10865339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10865339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1300014687000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1300014687000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1310880026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1310880026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1310880026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1310880026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42025.918720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42025.918720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78038.370853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78038.370853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77488.006496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77488.006496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77488.006496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77488.006496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16795736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16795736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       258539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       258539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16658660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16658660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16917199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16917199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16917199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16917199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10606800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10606800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1283356027000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1283356027000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1293962827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1293962827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1293962827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1293962827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41025.918720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41025.918720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77038.370853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77038.370853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76488.006496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76488.006496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76488.006496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76488.006496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              5684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1454.336527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675345514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          82884.820079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1454.336527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.355063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.355063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.601562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         675361810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        675361810                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675345514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675345514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675345514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675345514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675345514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675345514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    319413500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319413500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    319413500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319413500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    319413500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319413500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39201.460481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39201.460481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39201.460481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39201.460481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39201.460481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39201.460481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              5684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    311265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    311265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    311265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    311265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    311265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38201.460481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38201.460481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38201.460481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38201.460481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38201.460481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38201.460481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16702563                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29732.526521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      423653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16734664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.025316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    23909.893500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        211.250345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5611.382676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.729672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.006447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.171246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.907365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        30924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979645                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  67237458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 67237458                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16795736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16795736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5684                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             5684                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              69124                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 69124                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            5032                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               5032                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         160295                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            160295                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  5032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                229419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   234451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 5032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               229419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  234451                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16589536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16589536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3116                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3116                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        98244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           98244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16687780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16690896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16687780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16690896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1257642235000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1257642235000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    246207500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    246207500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8535893500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   8535893500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     246207500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1266178128500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1266424336000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    246207500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1266178128500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1266424336000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16795736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16795736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5684                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5684                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16658660                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16658660                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         8148                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           8148                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       258539                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        258539                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              8148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16917199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16925347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             8148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16917199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16925347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.995851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.382425                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.382425                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.379997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.382425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.986439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.986148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.382425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.986439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.986148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75809.367724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75809.367724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79013.960205                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79013.960205                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86884.629087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86884.629087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79013.960205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75874.569805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75875.155893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79013.960205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75874.569805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75875.155893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16625665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16625665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        20961                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         20961                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16589536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16589536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3116                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3116                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        98244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        98244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16687780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16690896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16687780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16690896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1091746875000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091746875000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215047500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215047500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7553453500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7553453500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215047500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1099300328500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099515376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215047500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1099300328500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099515376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.995851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.382425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.382425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.986439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.986148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.382425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.986439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65809.367724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65809.367724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69013.960205                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69013.960205                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76884.629087                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76884.629087                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69013.960205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65874.569805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65875.155893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69013.960205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65874.569805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65875.155893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             101360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16625665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            29804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16589536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16589536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        101360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     50037261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     50037261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               50037261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1066129952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1066129952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1066129952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          33346365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                33346365    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            33346365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66597712000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54496259500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     33844134                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16918787                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          68055                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        68055                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            266687                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33421401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          194265                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16658660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16658660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          8148                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       258539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50747501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50769481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       442624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1078813920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1079256544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16702563                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         33627910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               33559855     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  68055      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           33627910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        25322777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           8148000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16917199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
