
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.239260                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2239259702500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2239259702500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 180476                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   297196                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              808264871                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2770.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           98880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       533605248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          533704128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        98880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         98880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532088128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532088128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16675164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16678254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16627754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16627754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              44157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          238295383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             238339540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         44157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            44157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       237617873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            237617873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       237617873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             44157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         238295383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            475957413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16678254                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16627754                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16678254                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16627754                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1067389376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   18880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534632320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               533704128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532088128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    295                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8274105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15821                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1041990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1042902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1044146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1041878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1041951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1042200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1042740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            522013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           522012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2239246684500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16678254                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16627754                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16677958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2002117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    800.163875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   619.843370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   354.745104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       227931     11.38%     11.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        72798      3.64%     15.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        65906      3.29%     18.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        71949      3.59%     21.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        67537      3.37%     25.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        68062      3.40%     28.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        58358      2.91%     31.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        83587      4.17%     35.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1285989     64.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2002117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.987056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.905058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.058016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521390    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.021630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.020388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.207494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515779     98.92%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.00%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5566      1.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               47      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 122393116000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            435104847250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83389795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7338.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26088.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       476.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       238.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    238.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    237.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15330241                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7699231                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      67232.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7582407840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4137226500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             65048583600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27067258080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         146257278960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         610247752155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         808248356250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1668588863385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            745.153350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1332961891500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   74773660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  831520132250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7553596680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4121506125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             65039496600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27064264320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         146257278960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         605497029300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         812415657000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1667948828985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            744.867525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1339916477250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   74773660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  824565546500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4478519405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4478519405                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16848974                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.929813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254824562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16849998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.123121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         435815500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.929813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2190246478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2190246478                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157037578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157037578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97786984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97786984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254824562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254824562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254824562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254824562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       176812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        176812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16673186                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16673186                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16849998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16849998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16849998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16849998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8874803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8874803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1299939299500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1299939299500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1308814102500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1308814102500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1308814102500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1308814102500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50193.442753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50193.442753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77965.860844                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77965.860844                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77674.436668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77674.436668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77674.436668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77674.436668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16772234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16772234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       176812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       176812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16673186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16673186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16849998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16849998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16849998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16849998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8697991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8697991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1283266113500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1283266113500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1291964104500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1291964104500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1291964104500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1291964104500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49193.442753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49193.442753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76965.860844                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76965.860844                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76674.436668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76674.436668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76674.436668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76674.436668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1348.236653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675349086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          147585.027535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1348.236653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.658319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.658319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5402833872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5402833872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675349086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675349086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675349086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675349086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675349086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675349086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    272383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    272383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59524.256993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59524.256993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59524.256993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59524.256993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59524.256993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59524.256993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              2540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    267807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    267807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    267807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    267807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    267807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58524.256993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58524.256993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58524.256993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58524.256993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58524.256993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58524.256993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16649263                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31879.985170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      333838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16681721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.020012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    25514.704832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        208.356967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       6156.923371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.778647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.006359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.187894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.972900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990540                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  67060995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 67060995                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16772234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16772234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2540                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2540                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              82940                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 82940                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1486                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1486                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          91894                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             91894                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  1486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                174834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   176320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 1486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               174834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  176320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16590246                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16590246                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3090                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3090                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        84918                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           84918                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16675164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16678254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16675164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16678254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1257385464500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1257385464500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    245340000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    245340000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7467885500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7467885500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     245340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1264853350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1265098690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    245340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1264853350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1265098690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16772234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16772234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2540                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2540                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16673186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16673186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       176812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        176812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              4576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16849998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16854574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             4576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16849998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16854574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.995026                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995026                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.675262                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.675262                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.480273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.480273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.675262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.989624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.989539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.675262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.989624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.989539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75790.646172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75790.646172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79398.058252                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79398.058252                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87942.314939                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87942.314939                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79398.058252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75852.528347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75853.185231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79398.058252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75852.528347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75853.185231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16627754                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16627754                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2864                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          2864                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16590246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16590246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3090                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3090                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        84918                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        84918                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16675164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16678254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16675164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16678254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1091483004500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091483004500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214440000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214440000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6618705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6618705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1098101710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1098316150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1098101710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1098316150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.995026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.675262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.675262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.480273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.675262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.989539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.675262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.989539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65790.646172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65790.646172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69398.058252                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69398.058252                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77942.314939                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77942.314939                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69398.058252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65852.528347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65853.185231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69398.058252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65852.528347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65853.185231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              88008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16627754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            15821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16590246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16590246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         88008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     50000083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     50000083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               50000083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1065792256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1065792256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1065792256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          33321829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                33321829    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            33321829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66577366500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54457831750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     33706088                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16851514                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8552                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8552                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            181388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33399988                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           98249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16673186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16673186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       176812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50548970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50560662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       227712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1075911424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1076139136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16649263                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         33503837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000255                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               33495285     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8552      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           33503837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        25240431000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16849998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
