
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.243962                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2243961677500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2243961677500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 197231                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   324787                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              885149929                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2535.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           99040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       534105696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          534204736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        99040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         99040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532115520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532115520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16690803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16693898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16628610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16628610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              44136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          238019081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             238063217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         44136                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            44136                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       237132178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            237132178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       237132178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             44136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         238019081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            475195395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16693898                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16628610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16693898                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16628610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1068348352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   61120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534683072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               534204736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532115520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    955                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8274167                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        30647                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1042002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1044017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1057204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1041873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1042051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1042222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1042866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            522003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            523470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2243948683500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16693898                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16628610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16692942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2016220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    795.067713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   611.894782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.095148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       233830     11.60%     11.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        88660      4.40%     15.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        50046      2.48%     18.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        79862      3.96%     22.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78163      3.88%     26.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        50547      2.51%     28.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        70009      3.47%     32.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        81688      4.05%     36.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1283415     63.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2016220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.013332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.934186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.286934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521431    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.021922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.020645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.210543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515802     98.92%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                8      0.00%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5460      1.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              165      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 122698512250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            435691193500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83464715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7350.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26100.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       476.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       238.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    238.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    237.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15335757                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7695389                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      67340.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7660162440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4179652125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             65160131400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            27073265040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         146564449200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         627802595910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         795671107500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1674111363615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            746.052708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1312024017250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   74930700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  857003861500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7582460760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4137255375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             65044824000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            27063396000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         146564449200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         609004062315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         812161049250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1671557496900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            744.914600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1339583920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   74930700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  829443958000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4487923355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766844                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4487923355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028809     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213786     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460158     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          17140176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2046.936721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254532336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          17142224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.848268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7396005500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2046.936721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         288816784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        288816784                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    156805587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       156805587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97726749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97726749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254532336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254532336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254532336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254532336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       408803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        408803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16733421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16733421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     17142224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17142224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  12900350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12900350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1300907503000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1300907503000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1313807853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1313807853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1313807853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1313807853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.146194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31556.397580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31556.397580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77743.068976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77743.068976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76641.622056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76641.622056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76641.622056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76641.622056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16930821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16930821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       408803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       408803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16733421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16733421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17142224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17142224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12491547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12491547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1284174082000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1284174082000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1296665629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296665629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1296665629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296665629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30556.397580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30556.397580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76743.068976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76743.068976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75641.622056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75641.622056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75641.622056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75641.622056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1349.601478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675349086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          147585.027535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1349.601478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.658985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.658985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5402833872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5402833872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675349086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675349086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675349086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675349086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675349086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675349086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    272816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    272816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59618.881119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59618.881119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59618.881119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59618.881119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59618.881119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59618.881119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              2540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    268240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    268240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    268240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    268240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    268240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58618.881119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58618.881119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58618.881119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58618.881119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58618.881119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58618.881119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16699200                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31159.692785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      789080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16731562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.047161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    25163.922041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        208.496210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5787.274533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.767942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.006363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.176614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.950918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  67754499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 67754499                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16930821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16930821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2540                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2540                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             142284                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                142284                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         309137                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            309137                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  1481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                451421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   452902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 1481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               451421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  452902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16591137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16591137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3095                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3095                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        99666                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           99666                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16690803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16693898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3095                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16690803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16693898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1257579968500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1257579968500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    245825500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    245825500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8632403500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   8632403500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     245825500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1266212372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1266458197500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    245825500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1266212372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1266458197500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16930821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16930821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2540                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2540                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16733421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16733421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         4576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       408803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        408803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              4576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          17142224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17146800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             4576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         17142224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17146800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.991497                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991497                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.676355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.676355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.243800                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.243800                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.676355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.973666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.973587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.676355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.973666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.973587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75798.299327                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75798.299327                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79426.655897                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79426.655897                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86613.323500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86613.323500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79426.655897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75862.879216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75863.539929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79426.655897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75862.879216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75863.539929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16628610                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16628610                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        19297                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         19297                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16591137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16591137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3095                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3095                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99666                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        99666                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16690803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16693898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16690803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16693898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1091668598500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091668598500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214875500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214875500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7635743500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7635743500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214875500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1099304342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099519217500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214875500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1099304342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099519217500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.676355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.243800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.676355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.973587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.676355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.973587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65798.299327                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65798.299327                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69426.655897                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69426.655897                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76613.323500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76613.323500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69426.655897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65862.879216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65863.539929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69426.655897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65862.879216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65863.539929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             102761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16628610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            30647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16591137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16591137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        102761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     50047053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     50047053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               50047053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1066320256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1066320256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1066320256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          33353155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                33353155    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            33353155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66610399500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54510144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     34289516                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17142716                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          59240                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        59240                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            413379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33559431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          279945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16733421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16733421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       408803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51424624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              51436316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       227712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1090337440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1090565152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16699200                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         33846000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               33786760     99.82%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  59240      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           33846000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        25611438500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       17142224000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
