
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.672306                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1672306226500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1672306226500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 195316                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   342317                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              653257104                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 821560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2559.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           45120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       425857920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          425903040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        45120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         45120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     73146688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        73146688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6654030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6654735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1142917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1142917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              26981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          254653073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             254680054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         26981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            26981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        43740008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             43740008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        43740008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             26981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         254653073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            298420062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6654735                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1142917                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6654735                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1142917                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              424490816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1412224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                73110016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               425903040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             73146688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  22066                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   553                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5494916                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            424689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            406384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            408389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            441086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            405246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            404045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            424294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            402018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            405527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            404864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           407167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           411294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           422131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           425426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           418596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           421513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             72497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             71896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             84157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             72005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             67174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             74774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             66621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             66258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            72615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            72757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            72198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            72223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1672305937500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6654735                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1142917                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6632669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  34540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  35623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  66995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  67024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  67014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  67003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  67011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  67004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  67004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  66995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  67011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  66995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  67047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  67084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  67014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  67005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  66989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  66988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5915064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     84.124336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.063867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.137245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5377644     90.91%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       395177      6.68%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        32422      0.55%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15269      0.26%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12200      0.21%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9920      0.17%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11949      0.20%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8318      0.14%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        52165      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5915064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        66988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      99.012599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     56.565993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    144.441314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         59207     88.38%     88.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         7064     10.55%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767          370      0.55%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          159      0.24%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           90      0.13%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           35      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           17      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           15      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           12      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           10      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         66988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        66988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.052965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.023611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.998664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            31358     46.81%     46.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1082      1.62%     48.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            34198     51.05%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              342      0.51%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         66988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 151534522750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            275897066500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                33163345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22846.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41596.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       253.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        43.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    254.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     43.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1345675                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  514274                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 20.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     214462.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    23.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              22397513040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12220865250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25865977800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3765113280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         109226482560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         879503261175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         231885837000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1284865050105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            768.322158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 380447223250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   55841760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1236010906750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              22320370800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12178773750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             25868840400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3637275840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         109226482560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         871653905460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         238771236750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1283656885560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            767.599701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 391589321250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   55841760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1224868808750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3344612453                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966680                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046958                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076418                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654667                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3344612453                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420254     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313783                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          13473427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.784796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           280303276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          13474451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.802575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         980730500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.784796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         307252178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        307252178                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    208554884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208554884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71748392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71748392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     280303276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        280303276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    280303276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       280303276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12744285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12744285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       730166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       730166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     13474451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13474451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     13474451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13474451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 689621187500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 689621187500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24560812500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24560812500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 714182000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 714182000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 714182000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 714182000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54112.191268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54112.191268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33637.299600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33637.299600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53002.678922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53002.678922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53002.678922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53002.678922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3933914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3933914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12744285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12744285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       730166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       730166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13474451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13474451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13474451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13474451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 676876902500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 676876902500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23830646500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23830646500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 700707549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 700707549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 700707549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 700707549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53112.191268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53112.191268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32637.299600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32637.299600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52002.678922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52002.678922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52002.678922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52002.678922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             38006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           489.566170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677279427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             38519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          17582.996106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   489.566170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.478092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.478092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500977                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         677356465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        677356465                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677279427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677279427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677279427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677279427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677279427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677279427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        38519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         38519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        38519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          38519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        38519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         38519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    548590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    548590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    548590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    548590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    548590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    548590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14242.062359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14242.062359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14242.062359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14242.062359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14242.062359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14242.062359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             38006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    510071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    510071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    510071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    510071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    510071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    510071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13242.062359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13242.062359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13242.062359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13242.062359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13242.062359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13242.062359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6771353                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16147.020504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    18974366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6787676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.795414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              331432878500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3231.446993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.888384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      12913.685127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.197232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.788189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3068                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996277                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  34542245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 34542245                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3933914                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3933914                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        38006                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            38006                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             513532                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                513532                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           37814                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              37814                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        6306889                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6306889                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 37814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               6820421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6858235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                37814                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              6820421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6858235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           216634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              216634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           705                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              705                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6437396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6437396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6654030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6654735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                705                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6654030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6654735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17343310500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   17343310500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55220500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     55220500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 591538135000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 591538135000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      55220500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  608881445500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     608936666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55220500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 608881445500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    608936666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3933914                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3933914                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        38006                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        38006                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         730166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            730166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        38519                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          38519                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12744285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12744285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             38519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          13474451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             13512970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            38519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         13474451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13512970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.296691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.296691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018303                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.018303                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.505120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.505120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.018303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.493826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.492470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.018303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.493826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.492470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80058.118763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80058.118763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78326.950355                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78326.950355                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91890.903558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91890.903558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78326.950355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91505.665815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91504.269667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78326.950355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91505.665815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91504.269667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1142917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1142917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       531182                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        531182                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       216634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         216634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          705                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          705                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6437396                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6437396                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6654030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6654735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6654030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6654735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15176970500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15176970500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48170500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48170500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 527164175000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 527164175000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48170500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 542341145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 542389316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48170500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 542341145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 542389316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.296691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.505120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.493826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.492470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.493826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.492470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70058.118763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70058.118763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68326.950355                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68326.950355                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81890.903558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81890.903558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68326.950355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81505.665815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81504.269667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68326.950355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81505.665815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81504.269667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6438101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1142917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5494916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            216634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           216634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6438101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19947303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19947303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19947303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    499049728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    499049728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               499049728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13292568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13292568    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13292568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17871324000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        37116866500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     27024403                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13511433                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         664702                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       664702                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12782804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5076831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        38006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15167949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           730166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          730166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         38519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12744285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       115044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     40422329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              40537373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4897600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1114135360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1119032960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6771353                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         20284323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.032769                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.178032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               19619621     96.72%     96.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 664702      3.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           20284323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17484121500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          57778500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20211676500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
