
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.962747                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1962746729500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1962746729500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 210291                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   368562                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              825495860                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 823996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2377.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           40992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       336758336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          336799328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        40992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     41770464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        41770464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10523698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10524979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1305327                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1305327                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              20885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          171575034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             171595919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         20885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        21281637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             21281637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        21281637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             20885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         171575034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            192877556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10524979                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1305327                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10524979                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1305327                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              672476352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1122304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                75871168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               336799328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             41770464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  17536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                119813                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      9186151                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            670265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            648756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            651394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            691258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            645665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            643095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            667830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            639728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            645405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            644342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           648101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           655079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           664753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           668367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           659362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           664043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             88945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             74602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             69668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             77108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            73305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            74864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1962746446500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10524979                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1305327                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10507441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  71393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  71757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  71753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  71756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  71745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  71752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  71749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  71758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  71890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  71757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  71898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  71820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  71766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  71765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  71739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  71739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6051556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.662000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.160643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.833202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2244589     37.09%     37.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3575766     59.09%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        87638      1.45%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25949      0.43%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16498      0.27%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11122      0.18%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10205      0.17%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8395      0.14%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71394      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6051556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        71739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     146.467068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     77.029398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    222.135766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         59637     83.13%     83.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6466      9.01%     92.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         4933      6.88%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          272      0.38%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279          142      0.20%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           90      0.13%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           53      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           43      0.06%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           23      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           22      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           17      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           14      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         71739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        71739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.525000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.502674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.875203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            52410     73.06%     73.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1184      1.65%     74.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17962     25.04%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              178      0.25%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         71739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 163726731000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            360741287250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                52537215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15581.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34331.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       342.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        38.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    171.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     21.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5142773                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  498601                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     165908.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              22926728160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12509623500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             41012329800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3913233120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         128196787680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1062170785260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         245916785250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1516646272770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            772.717876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 402657883000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   65540280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1494544424500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              22823035200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12453045000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             40945725600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3768722640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         128196787680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1056113265015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         251230399500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1515530980635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            772.149645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 411166322250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   65540280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1486035985250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3925493459                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966680                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046958                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076418                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654667                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3925493459                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420254     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313783                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          17406519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.451418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           276403283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          17408567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.877429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1557158500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.451418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         311220417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        311220417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    205050006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       205050006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71353277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71353277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     276403283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        276403283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    276403283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       276403283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     16283284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      16283284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1125283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1125283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     17408567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17408567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     17408567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17408567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 956013141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 956013141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  46041712500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46041712500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1002054853500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1002054853500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1002054853500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1002054853500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58711.322667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58711.322667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40915.674102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40915.674102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57561.018865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57561.018865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57561.018865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57561.018865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4316222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4316222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16283284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16283284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1125283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1125283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17408567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17408567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17408567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17408567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 939729857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 939729857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44916429500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44916429500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 984646286500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 984646286500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 984646286500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 984646286500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57711.322667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57711.322667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39915.674102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39915.674102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56561.018865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56561.018865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56561.018865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56561.018865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            575423                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           701.467307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676741799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            576147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1174.599189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   701.467307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.685027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.685027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         677894093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        677894093                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676741799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676741799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676741799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676741799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676741799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676741799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       576147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        576147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       576147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         576147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       576147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        576147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7577403500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7577403500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7577403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7577403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7577403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7577403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13151.857946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13151.857946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13151.857946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13151.857946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13151.857946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13151.857946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       575423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            575423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       576147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       576147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       576147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       576147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       576147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       576147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7001256500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7001256500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7001256500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7001256500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7001256500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7001256500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12151.857946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12151.857946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12151.857946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12151.857946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12151.857946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12151.857946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10623417                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32251.638475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    23583016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10656061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.213108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              360262782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6175.238805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          4.328063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      26072.071607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.188453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.795656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.984242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32644                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          617                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4582                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18743                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996216                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  47748000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 47748000                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4316222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          4316222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       575423                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           575423                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             671514                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                671514                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          574866                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             574866                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        6213355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6213355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                574866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               6884869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7459735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               574866                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              6884869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7459735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           453769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              453769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1281                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1281                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     10069929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10069929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10523698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10524979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10523698                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10524979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36177608000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   36177608000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100943000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    100943000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 850064646500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 850064646500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     100943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  886242254500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     886343197500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 886242254500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    886343197500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4316222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4316222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       575423                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       575423                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1125283                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1125283                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       576147                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         576147                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     16283284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      16283284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            576147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          17408567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17984714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           576147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         17408567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17984714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.403249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.403249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002223                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002223                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.618421                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.618421                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.002223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.604513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.585218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.002223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.604513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.585218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79726.927137                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79726.927137                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78800.156128                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78800.156128                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84416.150948                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84416.150948                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78800.156128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84213.957347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84213.298430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78800.156128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84213.957347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84213.298430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1305327                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1305327                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       600493                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        600493                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       453769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         453769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1281                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1281                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10069929                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10069929                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10523698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10524979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10523698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10524979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31639918000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31639918000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88133000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88133000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 749365356500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 749365356500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 781005274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 781093407500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 781005274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 781093407500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.403249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.618421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.604513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.585218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.604513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.585218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69726.927137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69726.927137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68800.156128                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68800.156128                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74416.150948                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74416.150948                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68800.156128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74213.957347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74213.298430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68800.156128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74213.957347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74213.298430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10071210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1305327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9186151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            453769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           453769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10071210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31541436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     31541436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31541436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    378569792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    378569792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               378569792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          21016457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                21016457    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            21016457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23639862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36352914750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     35966656                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17981942                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         732432                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       732432                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16859431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5621549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       575423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        22408387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1125283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1125283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        576147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     16283284                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1727717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     52223653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              53951370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     36850240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    695193248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              732043488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10623417                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         28608131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.025602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.157945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               27875699     97.44%     97.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 732432      2.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           28608131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20429150500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         576147000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       17408567000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
