
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.920550                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1920549901500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1920549901500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 198415                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   347748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              762132398                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 823996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2519.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       334825216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          334862336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        37120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         37120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     41009920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        41009920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10463288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10464448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1281560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1281560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              19328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          174338202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             174357529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         19328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            19328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        21353218                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             21353218                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        21353218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             19328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         174338202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            195710747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10464448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1281560                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10464448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1281560                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              668895488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  829184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                74558208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               334862336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             41009920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  12956                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                116562                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      9149168                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            667369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            645608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            648012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            685749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            642157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            640305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            661280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            636536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            642703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            641415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           645212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           650783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           661493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           665120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           656592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           661158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             74550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             73566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             73829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             84093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             72622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             68909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             73653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             68435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             69551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            68633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            71979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            74484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            73965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            74173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1920549618500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10464448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1281560                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10451490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  18786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  69882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  70552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  70550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  70550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  70547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  70538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  70542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  70552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  70598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  70543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  70612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  70634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  70581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  71044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  70542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  70536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5994205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.028740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.504591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.132057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2195272     36.62%     36.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3570204     59.56%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        85269      1.42%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26331      0.44%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15871      0.26%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10800      0.18%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11081      0.18%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8129      0.14%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71248      1.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5994205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        70535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     148.173956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     77.826123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    223.956276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         58315     82.68%     82.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6803      9.64%     92.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         4679      6.63%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          294      0.42%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279          163      0.23%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           81      0.11%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           49      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           42      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           27      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           18      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           19      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           11      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            8      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         70535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        70535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.516226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.494222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.868924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            51731     73.34%     73.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1407      1.99%     75.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17187     24.37%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              209      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         70535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 161673139250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            357638614250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                52257460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15468.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34218.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       348.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        38.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    174.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     21.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5135214                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  487045                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     163506.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              22675017960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12372281625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             40770724800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3820977360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         125440901040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1034171058015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         245161736250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1484412697050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            772.910655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 401555176000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   64131340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1454862382750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              22641171840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12353814000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             40750912800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3728041200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         125440901040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1029038463945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         249664011750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1483617316575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            772.496513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 408723527750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   64131340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1447694031000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3841099803                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966680                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046958                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076418                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654667                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3841099803                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420254     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313783                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          14878862                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4094.067881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           278928892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          14882958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.741496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        2765147500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4094.067881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         308694808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        308694808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    207294248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       207294248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71634644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71634644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     278928892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        278928892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    278928892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       278928892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     14039042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      14039042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       843916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       843916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     14882958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       14882958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     14882958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      14882958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 922554928500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 922554928500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41230718000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41230718000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 963785646500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 963785646500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 963785646500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 963785646500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65713.524363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65713.524363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48856.424099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48856.424099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64757.667562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64757.667562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64757.667562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64757.667562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3295508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3295508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14039042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14039042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       843916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       843916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14882958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14882958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14882958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14882958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 908515886500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 908515886500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40386802000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40386802000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 948902688500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 948902688500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 948902688500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 948902688500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64713.524363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64713.524363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47856.424099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47856.424099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63757.667562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63757.667562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63757.667562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63757.667562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             38072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           868.279395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677278965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             38981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          17374.591852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   868.279395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.423965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.423965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.443848                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         677356927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        677356927                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677278965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677278965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677278965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677278965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677278965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677278965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        38981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         38981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        38981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          38981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        38981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         38981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    584061500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    584061500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    584061500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    584061500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    584061500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    584061500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14983.235422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14983.235422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14983.235422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14983.235422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14983.235422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14983.235422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             38072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    545080500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545080500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    545080500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    545080500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    545080500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    545080500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13983.235422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13983.235422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13983.235422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13983.235422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13983.235422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13983.235422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10642413                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31896.838098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    17353099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10675042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.625577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              352660984000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6106.631760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.190842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      25787.015497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.186360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.786957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.973414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          615                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4638                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8543                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995758                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  41357830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 41357830                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3295508                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3295508                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        38071                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            38071                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             395204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                395204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           37821                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              37821                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        4024466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           4024466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 37821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               4419670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4457491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                37821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              4419670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4457491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           448712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              448712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1160                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1160                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     10014576                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10014576                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10463288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10464448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10463288                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10464448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  34971286000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   34971286000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89487500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     89487500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 845200416500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 845200416500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      89487500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  880171702500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     880261190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89487500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 880171702500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    880261190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3295508                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3295508                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        38071                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        38071                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         843916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            843916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        38981                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          38981                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     14039042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      14039042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             38981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          14882958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             14921939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            38981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         14882958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            14921939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.531702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.531702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.029758                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.029758                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.713338                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.713338                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.029758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.703038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.701279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.029758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.703038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.701279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77937.042022                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77937.042022                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77144.396552                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77144.396552                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84397.024547                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84397.024547                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77144.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84119.991966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84119.218711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77144.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84119.991966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84119.218711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1281560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1281560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       965722                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        965722                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       448712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         448712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1160                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1160                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10014576                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10014576                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10463288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10464448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10463288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10464448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30484166000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30484166000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77887500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77887500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 745054656500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 745054656500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77887500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 775538822500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 775616710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77887500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 775538822500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 775616710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.531702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.029758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.713338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.029758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.703038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.701279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.029758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.703038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.701279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67937.042022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67937.042022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67144.396552                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67144.396552                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74397.024547                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74397.024547                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67144.396552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74119.991966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74119.218711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67144.396552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74119.991966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74119.218711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10015736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1281560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9149168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            448712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           448712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10015736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31359624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     31359624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31359624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    375872256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    375872256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               375872256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          20895176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                20895176    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            20895176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23470248000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36143133750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     29838873                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14916934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        1177407                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1177407                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14078023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4577068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        38071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        20944207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           843916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          843916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         38981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     14039042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       116033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     44644778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              44760811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2465664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    581710912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              584176576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10642413                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         25564352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.046057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.209608                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               24386944     95.39%     95.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1177408      4.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           25564352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16586226500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          38981000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       14882958000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
