
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.881001                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1881001422500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1881001422500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 190420                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   333735                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              716359147                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 823992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2625.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           36480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       330166016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          330202496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        36480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         36480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40544480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40544480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10317688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10318828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1267015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1267015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              19394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          175526723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             175546117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         19394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            19394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        21554731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             21554731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        21554731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             19394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         175526723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            197100848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10318828                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1267015                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10318828                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1267015                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              659891584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  513408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                73663040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               330202496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             40544480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   8022                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                116004                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      9017682                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            662140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            640955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            643019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            652484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            628913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            634384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            640603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            631080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            638124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            636004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           636749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           644020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           655189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           659539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           651531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           656072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             74307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             73606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             73641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             77484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             70892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             68578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             70807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             68247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             69397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            68288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            71688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            74243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            73673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            73983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1880984500500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10318828                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1267015                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10310806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  16924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  18414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  69473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  69728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  69725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  69732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  69721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  69720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  69721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  69721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  69799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  69723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  69832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  69823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  69748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  69756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  69717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  69714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5858121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.220122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.469047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   121.449825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2079308     35.49%     35.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3550380     60.61%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        85123      1.45%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26006      0.44%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15268      0.26%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11056      0.19%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11249      0.19%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8332      0.14%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71399      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5858121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        69714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     147.900995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     77.318715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    222.087682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         57772     82.87%     82.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6472      9.28%     92.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         4700      6.74%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          304      0.44%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279          183      0.26%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           96      0.14%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           56      0.08%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           30      0.04%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           26      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           14      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           21      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           11      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         69714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        69714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.510098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.488317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.864555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            51289     73.57%     73.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1494      2.14%     75.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16728     24.00%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              201      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         69714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 158663857000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            351991469500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                51554030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15388.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34138.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       350.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        39.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    175.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     21.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5116961                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  486709                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     162351.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              22008845880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12008794875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             40041908400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3742601760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         122857416240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         999209623230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         252097171500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1451966361885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            771.914102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 413331762250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   62810540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1404852446500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              22278548880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12155954250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             40382378400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3715781040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         122857416240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1000832290965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         250673778750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1452896148525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            772.408408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 410585801750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   62810540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1407598407000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3762002845                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966680                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046958                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076418                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654667                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3762002845                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420254     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313783                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12566984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4094.392490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           281240770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12571080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.372045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1947004500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4094.392490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2912                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2363065880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2363065880                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    209281851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       209281851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71958919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71958919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     281240770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        281240770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    281240770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       281240770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12051439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12051439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       519641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       519641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12571080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12571080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12571080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12571080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 885597085500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 885597085500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36780796500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  36780796500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 922377882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 922377882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 922377882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 922377882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73484.758584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73484.758584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70781.167190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70781.167190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73373.002320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73373.002320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73373.002320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73373.002320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2278430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2278430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12051439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12051439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       519641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       519641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12571080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12571080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12571080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12571080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 873545646500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 873545646500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36261155500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36261155500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 909806802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 909806802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 909806802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 909806802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72484.758584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72484.758584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69781.167190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69781.167190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72373.002320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72373.002320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72373.002320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72373.002320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               173                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           936.386357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677316803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          592578.130359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   936.386357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.914440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.914440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.947266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5418544711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5418544711                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677316803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677316803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677316803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677316803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677316803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677316803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     90511500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90511500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     90511500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90511500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     90511500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90511500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79187.664042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79187.664042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79187.664042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79187.664042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79187.664042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79187.664042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89368500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89368500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89368500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89368500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89368500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89368500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78187.664042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78187.664042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78187.664042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78187.664042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78187.664042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78187.664042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10444804                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31962.096573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    13414262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10477555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.280286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1172527801500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6174.470769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.029664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      25784.596140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.188430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.786883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999481                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  36136575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 36136575                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2278430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2278430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          173                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              173                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              74392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 74392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2253392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2253395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2253392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2253395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           445249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              445249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1140                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1140                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      9872439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9872439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10317688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10318828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10317688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10318828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  34700578000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   34700578000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87621500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     87621500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 832588988000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 832588988000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      87621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  867289566000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     867377187500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 867289566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    867377187500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2278430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2278430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          173                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          173                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         519641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            519641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1143                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1143                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12051439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12051439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          12571080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12572223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         12571080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12572223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.856840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.856840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997375                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.997375                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.819192                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.819192                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.997375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.820748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.820764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.997375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.820748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.820764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77935.218271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77935.218271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76860.964912                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76860.964912                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84334.680417                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84334.680417                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76860.964912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84058.518342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84057.723174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76860.964912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84058.518342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84057.723174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1267015                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1267015                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       727901                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        727901                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       445249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         445249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1140                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1140                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9872439                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      9872439                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10317688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10318828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10317688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10318828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30248088000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30248088000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76221500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76221500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 733864598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 733864598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76221500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 764112686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 764188907500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76221500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 764112686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 764188907500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.856840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.819192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.820748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.820764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.820748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.820764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67935.218271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67935.218271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66860.964912                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66860.964912                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74334.680417                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74334.680417                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66860.964912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74058.518342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74057.723174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66860.964912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74058.518342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74057.723174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9873579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1267015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9017682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            445249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           445249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9873579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30922353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     30922353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               30922353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    370746976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    370746976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               370746976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          20603525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                20603525    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            20603525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23148686500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35629094500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     25139380                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12567157                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         888008                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       888007                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12052582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3545445                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19466342                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           519641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          519641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12051439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37709143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              37711602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    475184320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              475226432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10444804                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         23017027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.038581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.192593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               22129018     96.14%     96.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 888008      3.86%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           23017027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13708991500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12571080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
