
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.958876                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                958876266500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               958876266500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 762196                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   983074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1461703130                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   656.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           72640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          357440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             430080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        72640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         72640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks          608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            11170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               13440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              75755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             372770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                448525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         75755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            75755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks             634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                  634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks             634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             75755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            372770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               449159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       13440                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     13440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 859968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  430080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                  608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           83                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  341142741500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 13440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                   19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   12173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    272.659480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.405521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   319.264952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          714     22.64%     22.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1652     52.38%     75.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          132      4.19%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           93      2.95%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.97%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      1.68%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.70%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.01%     87.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          394     12.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     94048250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               345992000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   67185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6999.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25749.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      13.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10283                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   25346811.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 10659600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5816250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                45403800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          62628655440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          23477856255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         554726877750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           640895269095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            668.386579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 922839775000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   32018740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4010646250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 13184640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7194000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                59404800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          62628655440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          23833261800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         554415118500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           640956819180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            668.450769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 922318927250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   32018740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4531494000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   35                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1917752533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625873233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27676254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1531165                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25302281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625873233                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27676254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467548657                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569494356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21879879                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23672685                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187332012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260734382                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254894307                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219204129                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35690178                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1917752533                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27605108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1502715      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363720567     56.40%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   618823      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6323450      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17835871      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219204129     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35690178      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644895733                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            598471                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4083.243987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254293349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            602567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            422.016720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       19218090500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4083.243987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2848                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         255498483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        255498483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    219043384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       219043384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35247746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35247746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data         2219                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          2219                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254291130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254291130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254293349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254293349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       156141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        156141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       442527                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       442527                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         3899                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3899                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       598668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         598668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       602567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        602567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2106486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2106486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6322786500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6322786500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   8429272500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8429272500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   8429272500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8429272500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219199525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219199525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35690273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35690273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254889798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254889798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254895916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254895916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.637300                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.637300                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13490.921667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13490.921667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14287.911246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14287.911246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14080.045200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14080.045200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13988.938160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13988.938160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           14                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       592407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            592407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       156141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       156141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       442527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       442527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3899                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3899                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       598668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       598668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       602567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       602567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1950345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1950345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5880259500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5880259500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    129380500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129380500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7830604500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7830604500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7959985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7959985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012399                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012399                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.637300                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.637300                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12490.921667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12490.921667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13287.911246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13287.911246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33182.995640                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33182.995640                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13080.045200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13080.045200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13210.124351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13210.124351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2260.790305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695975795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          306597.266520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2260.790305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.551951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.551951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.553223                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5567826790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5567826790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695975795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695975795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695975795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695975795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695975795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695975795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    174764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    174764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    174764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76988.546256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76988.546256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76988.546256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76988.546256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76988.546256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76988.546256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75988.546256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75988.546256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75988.546256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75988.546256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75988.546256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75988.546256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                       590                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8700.004933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      529160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     52.995493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5623.998058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1817.356124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1258.650751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.171631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.055461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.038411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.265503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          9395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.286713                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1655824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1655824                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       592407                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           592407                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             433813                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                433813                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         157584                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            157584                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                591397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   591397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               591397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  591397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             8714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2270                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2270                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2456                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2456                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               11170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  13440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2270                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              11170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 13440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    661432500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     661432500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    169089000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    169089000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    185032500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    185032500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     169089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     846465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1015554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    169089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    846465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1015554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       592407                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592407                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         442527                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            442527                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2270                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2270                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       160040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        160040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            602567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               604837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           602567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              604837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.019691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.019691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.018537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.022221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.018537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.022221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75904.578839                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75904.578839                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74488.546256                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74488.546256                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75338.965798                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75338.965798                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74488.546256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75780.214861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75562.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74488.546256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75780.214861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75562.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   19                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        19                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2270                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2456                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2456                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          11170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             13440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         11170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            13440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    574292500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    574292500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    146389000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146389000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    160472500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160472500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    146389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    734765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    881154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    146389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    734765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    881154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.022221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.022221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65904.578839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65904.578839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64488.546256                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64488.546256                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65338.965798                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65338.965798                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64488.546256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65780.214861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65562.053571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64488.546256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65780.214861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65562.053571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        26982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        26982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       430688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       430688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  430688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             13542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   13542    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               13542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1203312                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       598475                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            497                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          497                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            162310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       592426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           442527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          442527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       160040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1803605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1808149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     38239168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               38311936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             590                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           605427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 604930     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    497      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             605427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          897861500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         602567000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
