
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.963829                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                963829084500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               963829084500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 259349                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   334507                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              499937035                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 834960                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1927.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           97184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          370368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             467552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        97184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         97184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        14560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           14560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            11574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           455                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                455                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             100831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             384267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                485098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        100831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           100831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           15106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                15106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           15106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            100831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            384267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               500205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14611                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        455                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14611                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      455                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 910272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   24832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    2176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  467552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                14560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    388                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   403                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1167                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  963201854500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 14611                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                  455                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   12959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    254.518271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.736442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   302.955119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          767     21.39%     21.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2017     56.26%     77.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          146      4.07%     81.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           96      2.68%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           67      1.87%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      1.12%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.84%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.67%     88.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          398     11.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           6888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6869.241588                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    718.420490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.414214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    104340500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               371021750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   71115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7336.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26086.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      22.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10644                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                53.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   63932155.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    74.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13751640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7503375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                51526800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 187920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          62952608160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          24637153320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         556685855250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           644348586465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            668.529992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 926090361500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   32184360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    5554281000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 13350960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7284750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                59412600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  32400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          62952608160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          23990511690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         557253084750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           644276285310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            668.454978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 927040061750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   32184360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4604580750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   35                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1927658169                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625873233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27676254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1531165                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25302281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625873233                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27676254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467548657                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569494356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21879879                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23672685                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187332012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260734382                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254894307                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219204129                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35690178                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1927658169                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27605108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1502715      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363720567     56.40%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   618823      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6323450      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17835871      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219204129     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35690178      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644895733                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            983100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.740502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           253911792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            984124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            258.007926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1076362500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.740502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2040151452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2040151452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    219003532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       219003532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     34908260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       34908260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     253911792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        253911792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    253911792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       253911792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       195993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        195993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       782013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       782013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       978006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         978006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       984124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        984124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2626284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2626284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10751223500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10751223500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13377508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13377508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13377508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13377508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219199525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219199525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35690273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35690273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254889798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254889798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254895916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254895916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13399.889282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13399.889282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13748.139097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13748.139097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13678.349622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13678.349622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13593.315477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13593.315477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       974990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            974990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       195993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       195993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       782013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       782013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       978006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       978006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       984124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       984124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2430291500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2430291500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9969210500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9969210500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    155022500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155022500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12399502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12399502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12554524500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12554524500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12399.889282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12399.889282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12748.139097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12748.139097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25338.754495                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25338.754495                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12678.349622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12678.349622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12757.055513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12757.055513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             29020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           966.760074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695948078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             29987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          23208.326208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   966.760074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.944102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.944336                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         696008052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        696008052                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695948078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695948078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695948078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695948078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695948078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695948078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        29987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         29987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        29987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          29987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        29987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         29987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    586396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    586396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    586396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    586396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    586396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    586396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19555.007170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19555.007170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19555.007170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19555.007170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19555.007170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19555.007170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        29020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             29020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    556409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    556409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    556409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    556409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    556409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18555.007170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18555.007170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18555.007170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18555.007170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18555.007170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18555.007170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                      2206                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 11258.248173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1074202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     74.862499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8469.724552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1847.077401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        941.446220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.258475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.056368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.028731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.343574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         12143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.370575                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2822593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2822593                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       974990                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           974990                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        29020                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            29020                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             772915                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                772915                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           26950                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              26950                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         199635                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            199635                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 26950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                972550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   999500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                26950                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               972550                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  999500                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             9098                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9098                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3037                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3037                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2476                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2476                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              11574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    680583500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     680583500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    228453500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    228453500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    185975000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    185975000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     228453500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     866558500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1095012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    228453500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    866558500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1095012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       974990                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       974990                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        29020                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        29020                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         782013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            782013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        29987                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          29987                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       202111                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        202111                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             29987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            984124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1014111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            29987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           984124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1014111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.011634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.101277                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.101277                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.101277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.011761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.014408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.101277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.011761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.014408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74805.836448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74805.836448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75223.411261                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75223.411261                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75111.066236                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75111.066236                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75223.411261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74871.133575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74944.356991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75223.411261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74871.133575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74944.356991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  455                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       455                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3037                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3037                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2476                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2476                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          11574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         11574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    589603500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    589603500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    198083500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198083500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    161215000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161215000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    198083500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    750818500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    948902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    198083500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    750818500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    948902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.101277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.101277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.014408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.101277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.014408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64805.836448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64805.836448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65223.411261                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65223.411261                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65111.066236                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65111.066236                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65223.411261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64871.133575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64944.356991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65223.411261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64871.133575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64944.356991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        30844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        30844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       482112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       482112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  482112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             16233                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   16233    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               16233                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17259500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           48338250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2026231                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1012120                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            603                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          603                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       975445                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        29020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9861                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           782013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          782013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         29987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       202111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2951348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3040342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1888224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62691648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               64579872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            2206                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1016317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.024351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1015714     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    603      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1016317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1515120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          29987000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         984124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
