
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.952935                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                952935163500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               952935163500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 795754                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1026357                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1516604058                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   628.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           84864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          366144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             451008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        84864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         84864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             5721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                7047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              89055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             384228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                473283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         89055                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            89055                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            1075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 1075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            1075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             89055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            384228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               474358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        7047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      7047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 450624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  451008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          181                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  344419825500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  7047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    6361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    181.483689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.117463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   272.023763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1817     73.18%     73.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      9.99%     83.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           85      3.42%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           65      2.62%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      1.13%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.48%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      1.41%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.68%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          176      7.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     71968250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               203987000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   35205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10221.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28971.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      14.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4558                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 64.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   48763956.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    64.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  8830080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  4818000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                23790000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          62240624160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          22875448050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         551690760750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           636844271040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            668.302444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 917792046750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   31820360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3315845750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  9941400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5424375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                31129800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          62240624160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          23012924355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         551570167500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           636870211590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            668.329666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 917590786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   31820360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3517106500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   35                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1905870327                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625873233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27676254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1531165                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25302281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625873233                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27676254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467548657                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569494356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21879879                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23672685                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187332012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260734382                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254894307                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219204129                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35690178                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1905870327                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27605108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1502715      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363720567     56.40%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   618823      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6323450      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17835871      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219204129     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35690178      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644895733                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            138984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2044.532983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254753819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            141032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1806.354721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        8314193500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2044.532983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1019720436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1019720436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    219162083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       219162083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35589765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35589765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data         1971                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          1971                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254751848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254751848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254753819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254753819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        36427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         36427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       100458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       100458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         4147                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4147                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       136885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         136885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       141032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        141032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    517220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    517220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1573936500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1573936500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2091156500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2091156500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2091156500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2091156500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219198510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219198510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35690223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35690223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254888733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254888733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254894851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254894851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002815                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.677836                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.677836                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14198.808576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14198.808576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15667.607358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15667.607358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15276.739599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15276.739599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14827.532049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14827.532049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11723                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               459                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.540305                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       135676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            135676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        36427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       100458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       100458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4147                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         4147                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       136885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       136885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       141032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       141032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    480793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    480793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1473478500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473478500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    133381000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133381000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1954271500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1954271500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2087652500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2087652500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.677836                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677836                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13198.808576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13198.808576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14667.607358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14667.607358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32163.250543                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32163.250543                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14276.739599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14276.739599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14802.686624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14802.686624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           995.272028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695976711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          514015.296160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   995.272028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.971945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5567825874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5567825874                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695976711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695976711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695976711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695976711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695976711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695976711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104435500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104435500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104435500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104435500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104435500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104435500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77131.093058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77131.093058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77131.093058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77131.093058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77131.093058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77131.093058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103081500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103081500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76131.093058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76131.093058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76131.093058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76131.093058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76131.093058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76131.093058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                       434                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4667.907496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      118743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      5488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     21.636844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3039.451391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1034.097122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        594.358983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.185513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.063116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.036277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.284906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          5054                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.308472                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    387673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   387673                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       135676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           135676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          357                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              357                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              96675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 96675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              28                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 28                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          38636                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             38636                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                135311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   135339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               135311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  135339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             3783                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3783                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1326                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1326                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1938                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1938                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                5721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   7047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               5721                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  7047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    307390000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     307390000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100752000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    100752000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    147625000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    147625000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     100752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     455015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        555767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    455015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       555767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       135676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       135676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          357                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         100458                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            100458                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1354                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1354                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        40574                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         40574                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            141032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               142386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           141032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              142386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.037658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.037658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.979321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.979321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.979321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.040565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.049492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.979321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.040565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.049492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81255.617235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81255.617235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75981.900452                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75981.900452                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76173.890609                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76173.890609                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75981.900452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79534.172347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78865.758479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75981.900452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79534.172347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78865.758479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   16                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        16                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           69                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            69                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1326                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1326                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1938                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1938                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           5721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              7047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          5721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             7047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    269560000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269560000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87492000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87492000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    128245000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128245000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    397805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    485297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    397805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    485297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.979321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.979321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.040565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.049492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.979321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.040565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.049492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71255.617235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71255.617235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65981.900452                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65981.900452                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66173.890609                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66173.890609                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65981.900452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69534.172347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68865.758479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65981.900452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69534.172347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68865.758479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        14291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        14291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       452032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       452032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  452032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              7244                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    7244    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                7244                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7915500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37464500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       281728                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       139342                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            306                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          306                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             41928                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       135692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           100458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          100458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1354                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        40574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       421048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                424113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       109504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17709312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17818816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             434                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           142820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 142513     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    307      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             142820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          276898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2031000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         211548000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
