
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.953099                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                953098745000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               953098745000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 820659                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1058479                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1564338458                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   609.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           84992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          366080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             451072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        84992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         84992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             5720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                7048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              89174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             384095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                473269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         89174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            89174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            1074                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 1074                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            1074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             89174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            384095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               474343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        7048                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      7048                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 450752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  451072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          218                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  339399689500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  7048                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    6361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    182.490688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.760476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   272.207772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1795     72.67%     72.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          257     10.40%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           84      3.40%     86.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      2.55%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      1.13%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.57%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      1.62%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.65%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          173      7.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     76302750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               208359000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   35215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10833.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29583.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      14.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4573                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 64.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   48046388.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    64.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  8746920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  4772625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                23805600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          62251303920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          22841950860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         551818251000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           636948830925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            668.297497                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 918004403750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   31825820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3261540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  9926280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5416125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                31129800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          62251303920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          23081084100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         551608485000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           636987345225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            668.337907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 917654182500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   31825820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3611761250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   35                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1906197490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625873233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27676254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1531165                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25302281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625873233                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27676254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467548657                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569494356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21879879                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23672685                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187332012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260734382                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254894307                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219204129                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35690178                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1906197490                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27605108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1502715      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363720567     56.40%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   618823      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6323450      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17835871      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219204129     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35690178      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644895733                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            138984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2044.495546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254753819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            141032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1806.354721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        8338608500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2044.495546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1019720436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1019720436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    219162083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       219162083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35589765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35589765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data         1971                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          1971                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254751848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254751848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254753819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254753819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        36427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         36427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       100458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       100458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         4147                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4147                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       136885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         136885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       141032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        141032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    517884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    517884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1574935000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1574935000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2092819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2092819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2092819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2092819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219198510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219198510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35690223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35690223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254888733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254888733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254894851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254894851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002815                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.677836                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.677836                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14217.036813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14217.036813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15677.546835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15677.546835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15288.884830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15288.884830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14839.320154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14839.320154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13014                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               462                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.168831                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       135676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            135676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        36427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       100458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       100458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4147                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         4147                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       136885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       136885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       141032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       141032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    481457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1474477000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474477000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    135136500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135136500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1955934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2091070500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2091070500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.677836                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677836                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13217.036813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13217.036813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14677.546835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14677.546835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32586.568604                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32586.568604                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14288.884830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14288.884830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14826.922259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14826.922259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             13920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           784.856873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695963359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             14706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          47325.129811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   784.856873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.766462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.766462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         695992771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        695992771                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695963359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695963359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695963359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695963359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695963359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695963359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        14706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         14706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        14706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          14706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        14706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         14706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    279065500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279065500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    279065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    279065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    279065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    279065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18976.302190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18976.302190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18976.302190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18976.302190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18976.302190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18976.302190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             13920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        14706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        14706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        14706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264359500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264359500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264359500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    264359500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264359500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    264359500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17976.302190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17976.302190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17976.302190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17976.302190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17976.302190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17976.302190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                       424                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4667.846845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      145632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      5478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     26.584885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3029.444395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1035.093244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        603.309205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.184903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.063177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.036823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.284903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          5054                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.308472                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    414577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   414577                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       135676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           135676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        13919                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            13919                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              96677                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 96677                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           13378                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              13378                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          38635                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             38635                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 13378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                135312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   148690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                13378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               135312                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  148690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             3781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1328                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1328                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                5720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   7048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               5720                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  7048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    308366000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     308366000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    101822000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    101822000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    150014500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    150014500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     101822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     458380500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        560202500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    101822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    458380500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       560202500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       135676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       135676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        13919                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13919                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         100458                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            100458                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        14706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          14706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        40574                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         40574                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             14706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            141032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               155738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            14706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           141032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              155738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.037638                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.037638                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090303                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.090303                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047789                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047789                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.090303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.040558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.045255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.090303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.040558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.045255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81556.731024                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81556.731024                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76673.192771                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76673.192771                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77366.941723                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77366.941723                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76673.192771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80136.451049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79483.896141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76673.192771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80136.451049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79483.896141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   16                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        16                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           61                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            61                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1328                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1328                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1939                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1939                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           5720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              7048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          5720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             7048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    270556000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270556000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88542000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88542000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    130624500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130624500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    401180500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    489722500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    401180500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    489722500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.040558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.045255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.040558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.045255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71556.731024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71556.731024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66673.192771                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66673.192771                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67366.941723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67366.941723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66673.192771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70136.451049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69483.896141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66673.192771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70136.451049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69483.896141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        14330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        14330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       452096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       452096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  452096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              7282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    7282    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                7282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37462750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       308642                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       152904                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            251                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          251                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             55280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       135692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           100458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          100458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         14706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        40574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       421048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                464379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1832000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17709312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19541312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             424                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           156162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.040139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 155910     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    252      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             156162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          303917000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          22059000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         211548000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
