
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.964233                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                964232865500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               964232865500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 730061                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   941626                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1407896801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   684.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           72768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          357760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             430528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        72768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         72768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            11180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               13454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            36                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 36                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              75467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             371031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                446498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         75467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            75467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            1195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 1195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            1195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             75467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            371031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               447693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       13454                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         36                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     13454                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       36                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 860288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  430528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 1152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          213                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  343341660500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 13454                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                   36                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   12177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    271.127639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.798038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   317.697081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          723     22.79%     22.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1654     52.13%     74.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          142      4.48%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           94      2.96%     82.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      2.02%     84.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      1.61%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.76%     86.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.82%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          395     12.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     98156250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               350193750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   67210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7302.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26052.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10269                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   25451568.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 10727640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5853375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                45442800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          62978544720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          23625199260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         557811793500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           644477561295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            668.388431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 927971355250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   32197620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4057126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 13260240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7235250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                59404800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          62978544720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          24054647805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         557435084250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           644548177065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            668.461666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 927342755250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   32197620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4685726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   35                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1928465731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644895733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625873233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27676254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1531165                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25302281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625873233                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27676254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467548657                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569494356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21879879                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23672685                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187332012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260734382                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254894307                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219204129                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35690178                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1928465731                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27605108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1502715      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363720567     56.40%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   618823      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6323450      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17835871      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219204129     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35690178      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644895733                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1047749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2044.979294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           253846119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1049797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            241.804958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        8493980500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2044.979294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          715                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         255945713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        255945713                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    218748102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       218748102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35097017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35097017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data         1000                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          1000                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     253845119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        253845119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    253846119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       253846119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       451423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        451423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       593256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       593256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         5118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1044679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1044679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1049797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1049797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5944731500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5944731500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8286534500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8286534500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  14231266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14231266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  14231266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14231266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219199525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219199525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35690273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35690273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         6118                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254889798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254889798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254895916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254895916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.836548                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.836548                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13168.871546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13168.871546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13967.889916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13967.889916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13622.620920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13622.620920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13556.207533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13556.207533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          166                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1040495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1040495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       451423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       451423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       593256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       593256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5118                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         5118                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1044679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1044679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1049797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1049797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5493308500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5493308500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7693278500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7693278500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    144758500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144758500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13186587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13186587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13331345500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13331345500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.836548                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836548                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12168.871546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12168.871546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12967.889916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12967.889916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28284.193044                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28284.193044                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12622.620920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12622.620920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12698.974659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12698.974659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1888.886763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695975763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          302335.257602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1888.886763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.922308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923340                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5567826822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5567826822                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695975763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695975763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695975763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695975763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695975763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695975763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    175255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    175255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    175255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695978065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76131.624674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76131.624674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76131.624674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76131.624674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76131.624674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76131.624674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75131.624674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75131.624674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75131.624674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75131.624674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75131.624674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75131.624674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                       647                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 10355.112300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1274262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     11721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    108.716150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7597.063447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1818.397607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        939.651247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.231844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.055493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.028676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.316013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         11074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9615                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.337952                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2705236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2705236                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1040495                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1040495                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          411                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              411                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             584539                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                584539                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              28                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 28                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         454078                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            454078                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1038617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1038645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1038617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1038645                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             8717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2274                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2274                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               11180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  13454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2274                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              11180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 13454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    665735000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     665735000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    169206000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    169206000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    185435500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    185435500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     169206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     851170500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1020376500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    169206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    851170500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1020376500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1040495                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1040495                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          411                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          411                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         593256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            593256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       456541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        456541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           1049797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1052099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          1049797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1052099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.014693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.014693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.987837                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.987837                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005395                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005395                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.987837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.010650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.012788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.987837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.010650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.012788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76372.031662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76372.031662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74408.970976                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74408.970976                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75288.469346                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75288.469346                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74408.970976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76133.318426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75841.868589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74408.970976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76133.318426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75841.868589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   36                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        36                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2274                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2274                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2463                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2463                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          11180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             13454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         11180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            13454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    578565000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578565000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    146466000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146466000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    160805500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160805500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    146466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    739370500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885836500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    146466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    739370500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885836500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.987837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.987837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.012788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.987837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66372.031662                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66372.031662                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64408.970976                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64408.970976                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65288.469346                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65288.469346                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64408.970976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66133.318426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65841.868589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64408.970976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66133.318426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65841.868589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           36                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        27157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        27157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       431680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       431680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  431680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             13703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   13703    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               13703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13887500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44575250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2100259                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1048160                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            410                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          410                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            458843                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1040531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           593256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          593256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       456541                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3147343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3152358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        86816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     66889344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               66976160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             647                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1052746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.019731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1052336     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    410      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1052746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1570582500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1049797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
