
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.232006                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                               1232006472500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1232006472500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 690675                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1006918                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1701831266                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   723.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       176163648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          176225856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     92794752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92794752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2752557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2753529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1449918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1449918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              50493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          142989223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             143039716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         50493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            50493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        75320020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             75320020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        75320020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             50493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         142989223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            218359736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2753529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1449918                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2753529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1449918                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              176039744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  186112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92771840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               176225856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92794752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2908                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   341                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1286511                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            173721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            172098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            172996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            169509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            169621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            168997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            171143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            170160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            167932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            168153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           171752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           172017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           175136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           174023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           174425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           178938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             91429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             90871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             92302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             89432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             88808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             90345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             90188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             89153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             89208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            90580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            90225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            90982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            91178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            91627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            93319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1227681955500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2753529                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1449918                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2715183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  16138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  87539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  88197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  88576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  88639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  88702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  88928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  88763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  88817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  88661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  88629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  88697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  88728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  89094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  88634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  88848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  88609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       859581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    312.723971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.847093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.590523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       415138     48.30%     48.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       132774     15.45%     63.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        39495      4.59%     68.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        34942      4.07%     72.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        77454      9.01%     81.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11657      1.36%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8923      1.04%     83.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9193      1.07%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       130005     15.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       859581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        88607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.042468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.773809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     82.766196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         88555     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           39      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         88607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        88607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.359430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.342226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.769988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            72460     81.78%     81.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              777      0.88%     82.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            15057     16.99%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              303      0.34%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         88607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  25685784500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             77259928250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13753105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9338.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28088.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       142.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        75.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    143.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     75.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2166443                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1174157                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     292065.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3206778120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1749730125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             10672311000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4686906240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          80468431680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         333440797635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         446709879000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           880934833800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            715.042760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 740739238750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   41139280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  450124506250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3291654240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1796041500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             10782532800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4706242560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          80468431680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         341026838145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         440055457500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           882127198425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            716.010586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 729606722750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   41139280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  461257022250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2464012945                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2464012945                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4905391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1009.707710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           299915378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4906415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             61.127193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21723984500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1009.707710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.986043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         309728208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        309728208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224955227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224955227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     74960151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       74960151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     299915378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        299915378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    299915378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       299915378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3094469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3094469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1746410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1746410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4840879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4840879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4906415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4906415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 128226347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128226347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 115333289000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 115333289000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 243559636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 243559636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 243559636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 243559636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41437.269851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41437.269851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66040.213352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66040.213352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50313.101402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50313.101402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49641.058899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49641.058899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1201925                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             19981                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.153396                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2500488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2500488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3094469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3094469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1746410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1746410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4840879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4840879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4906415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4906415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 125131878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 125131878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 113586879000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113586879000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5614768383                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5614768383                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 238718757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 238718757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 244333525383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 244333525383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40437.269851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40437.269851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65040.213352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65040.213352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85674.566391                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85674.566391                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49313.101402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49313.101402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49798.789011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49798.789011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.600779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          687130.673327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.600779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.496680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.496680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.708008                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687819806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687819806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77140500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77140500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77140500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77140500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77063.436563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77063.436563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77063.436563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77063.436563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77063.436563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77063.436563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76139500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76139500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76139500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76139500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76139500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76139500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76063.436563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76063.436563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76063.436563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76063.436563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76063.436563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76063.436563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2755354                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15777.069125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5203305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2771696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.877300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               45316914500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7711.316724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          7.695471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       8058.056930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.470661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.491825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.962956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997437                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  14331188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 14331188                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2500488                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2500488                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          276                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              276                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             405526                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                405526                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              29                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 29                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1748332                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1748332                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2153858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2153887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2153858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2153887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1340884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1340884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           972                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              972                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1411673                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1411673                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2752557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2753529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2752557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2753529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 106709087000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  106709087000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74332000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     74332000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 107642093500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 107642093500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      74332000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  214351180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     214425512500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 214351180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    214425512500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2500488                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2500488                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          276                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          276                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1746410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1746410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3160005                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3160005                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4906415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4907416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4906415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4907416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.767795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.767795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.971029                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.971029                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.446731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.446731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.971029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.561012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.561095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.971029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.561012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.561095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79581.147213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79581.147213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76473.251029                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76473.251029                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76251.436062                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76251.436062                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76473.251029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77873.475645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77872.981363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76473.251029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77873.475645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77872.981363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1449918                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1449918                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        89873                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         89873                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1340884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1340884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          972                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1411673                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1411673                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2752557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2753529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2752557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2753529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93300247000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93300247000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64612000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64612000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93525363500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93525363500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186825610500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 186890222500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186825610500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 186890222500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.767795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.971029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.446731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.971029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.561012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.561095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.971029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.561012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.561095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69581.147213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69581.147213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66473.251029                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66473.251029                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66251.436062                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66251.436062                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66473.251029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67873.475645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67872.981363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66473.251029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67873.475645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67872.981363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1412645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1449918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1286511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1340884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1340884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1412645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8243487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8243487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8243487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    269020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    269020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               269020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5489958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 5489958    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5489958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         11320677500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        14614570750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9813083                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4905667                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         108798                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       108798                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3161006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3950406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3710338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1746410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1746410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3160005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14718220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              14720498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        81728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    474041792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              474123520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2755354                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7662770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.014198                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.118308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7553971     98.58%     98.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 108799      1.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7662770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7407305500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1501500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        7359622500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
