
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ---------
sim_seconds                                  1.387979                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1387979154500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1387979154500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 650550                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   948421                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1805899756                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   768.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           56000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       156545152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          156601152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        56000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         56000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     80250208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        80250208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4892036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4893786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2507819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2507819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              40346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          112786386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             112826732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         40346                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            40346                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        57818021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             57818021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        57818021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             40346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         112786386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            170644753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4893786                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2507819                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4893786                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2507819                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              313117312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   84992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                99404544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               156601152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             80250208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                954598                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2351619                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            308062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            306342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            306891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            303461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            303137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            303151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            306131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            304396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            301903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            301710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           305256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           305917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           309248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           308062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           308546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           310245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             98158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             97580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             98908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             96421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             95897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             95188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             96963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             96408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             95609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             95613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            96815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            96607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            97620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            97670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            98222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            99517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1383656228500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               4893786                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              2507819                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4826921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  93447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  94584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  95128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  95166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  95243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1159755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    355.697415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.447944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   381.115694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       527266     45.46%     45.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       172041     14.83%     60.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57987      5.00%     65.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        32841      2.83%     68.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73450      6.33%     74.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16926      1.46%     75.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        37270      3.21%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        27177      2.34%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       214797     18.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1159755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      51.667029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     42.847768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    157.089002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        94650     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           30      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.402957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.384395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.799021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            75121     79.33%     79.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1222      1.29%     80.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            18115     19.13%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              225      0.24%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35322627000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            127056214500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                24462290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7219.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25969.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       225.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        71.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    112.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     57.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  4062645                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1223254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     186940.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4345608960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2371116000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             19044253800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5025389040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          90655905600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         444730248990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         442672049250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1008844571640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            726.845219                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 732963832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   46347600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  608665752500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4422138840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2412873375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             19116918600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             5039321040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          90655905600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         447788023965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         439989790500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1009424971920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            727.263382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 728459899250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   46347600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  613169685750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2775958309                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2775958309                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6742758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1012.900536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           298078015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6743782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             44.200423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21833449500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1012.900536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.989161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2445318158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2445318158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224069413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224069413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     74008602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       74008602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     298078015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        298078015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    298078015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       298078015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3980286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3980286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2697960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2697960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      6678246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6678246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      6743782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6743782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 208851948500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 208851948500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 193032789500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 193032789500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 401884738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 401884738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 401884738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 401884738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.035172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52471.593373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52471.593373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71547.683991                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71547.683991                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60178.187207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60178.187207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59593.376239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59593.376239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3279551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3279551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3980286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3980286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2697960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2697960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6678246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6678246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6743782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6743782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 204871662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 204871662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 190334829500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 190334829500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4976789000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4976789000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 395206492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 395206492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 400183281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 400183281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.035172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51471.593373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51471.593373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70547.683991                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70547.683991                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75939.773560                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75939.773560                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59178.187207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59178.187207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59341.076120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59341.076120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               181                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           971.776967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          387066.419809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   971.776967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.237250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.237250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1596                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1596                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.389648                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687820582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687820582                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    133851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    133851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    133851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75324.141812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75324.141812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75324.141812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75324.141812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75324.141812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75324.141812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74324.141812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74324.141812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74324.141812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74324.141812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74324.141812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74324.141812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4869400                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31929.822747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5826033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4902042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.188491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              467152432500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15790.256329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         12.631716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16126.934702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.481880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.492155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32642                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996155                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  21088499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 21088499                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3279551                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3279551                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          181                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              181                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             319893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                319893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              27                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 27                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1531853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1531853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1851746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1851773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   27                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1851746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1851773                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          2378067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             2378067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1750                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1750                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2513969                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2513969                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4892036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4893786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4892036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4893786                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 182929013000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  182929013000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    129124000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    129124000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 187695262000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 187695262000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     129124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  370624275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     370753399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    129124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 370624275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    370753399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3279551                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3279551                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          181                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          181                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2697960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2697960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1777                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1777                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4045822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4045822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           6743782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6745559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          6743782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6745559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.881432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.881432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.984806                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.984806                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.621374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.621374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.984806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.725414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.725483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.984806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.725414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.725483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76923.405859                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76923.405859                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73785.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73785.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74660.929391                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74660.929391                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73785.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75760.741540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75760.035073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73785.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75760.741540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75760.035073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2507819                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2507819                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        62429                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         62429                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2378067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2378067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1750                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2513969                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2513969                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4892036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4893786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4892036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4893786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 159148343000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 159148343000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111624000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111624000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 162555572000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162555572000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 321703915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 321815539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 321703915000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 321815539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.881432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.984806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.621374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.984806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.725414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.725483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.984806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.725414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.725483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66923.405859                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66923.405859                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63785.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63785.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64660.929391                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64660.929391                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63785.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65760.741540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65760.035073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63785.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65760.741540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65760.035073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2515719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2507819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2351619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2378067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2378067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2515719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14647010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     14647010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               14647010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    236851360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    236851360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               236851360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9753224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9753224    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9753224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         14768864000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        16149409500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13488498                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6742939                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          72391                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        72391                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4047599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5787370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          181                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5824787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2697960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2697960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4045822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20230321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              20234056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    320746656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              320809312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4869400                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         11614959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.006233                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.078701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               11542567     99.38%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  72392      0.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           11614959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8384115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6743782000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
