
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ---------
sim_seconds                                  1.387995                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1387995242500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1387995242500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 658855                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   960529                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1828976332                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   758.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           55360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       156547392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          156602752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        55360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         55360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     80251936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        80251936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4892106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4893836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2507873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2507873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              39885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          112786692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             112826577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         39885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            39885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        57818596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             57818596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        57818596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             39885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         112786692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            170645173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4893836                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2507873                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4893836                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2507873                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              313120320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   85184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                99407232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               156602752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             80251936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1331                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                954612                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2352187                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            308052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            306338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            306886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            303466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            303138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            303148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            306127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            304402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            301917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            301717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           305258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           305912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           309258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           308068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           308561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           310257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             98170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             97591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             98904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             96408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             95904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             95215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             96947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             96397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             95616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             95614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            96827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            96635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            97617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            97674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            98234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            99485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1383672316500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               4893836                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              2507873                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4826968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  93224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  94377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  95419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  95173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  95382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1161013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    355.316910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.271669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   381.102024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       527367     45.42%     45.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       175316     15.10%     60.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57666      4.97%     65.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        31889      2.75%     68.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        70886      6.11%     74.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        17366      1.50%     75.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        38599      3.32%     79.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        28030      2.41%     81.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       213894     18.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1161013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      51.665364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     42.848903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    155.119728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        94653     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           31      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.402708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.384119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.799667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            75171     79.38%     79.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1168      1.23%     80.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            18115     19.13%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              229      0.24%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35342724000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            127077192750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                24462525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7223.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25973.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       225.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        71.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    112.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     57.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  4061345                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1223385                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     186939.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4350908520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2374007625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             19044144600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5025473280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          90656922720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         445453466985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         442046991000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1008951914730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            726.914402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 731912260750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   46348120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  609732376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4426349760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2415171000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             19117394400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             5039508960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          90656922720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         448290023535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         439558783500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1009504153875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            727.312270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 727732701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   46348120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  613911936500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2775990485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2775990485                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6742758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1012.900702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           298078015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6743782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             44.200423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21833374500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1012.900702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.989161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2445318158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2445318158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224069413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224069413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     74008602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       74008602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     298078015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        298078015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    298078015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       298078015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3980286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3980286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2697960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2697960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      6678246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6678246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      6743782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6743782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 208991245500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 208991245500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 192910519500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 192910519500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 401901765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 401901765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 401901765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 401901765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.035172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52506.590104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52506.590104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71502.364564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71502.364564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60180.736828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60180.736828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59595.901083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59595.901083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3279437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3279437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3980286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3980286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2697960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2697960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6678246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6678246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6743782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6743782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 205010959500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 205010959500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 190212559500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 190212559500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4983272000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4983272000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 395223519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 395223519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 400206791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 400206791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.035172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51506.590104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51506.590104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70502.364564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70502.364564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76038.696289                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76038.696289                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59180.736828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59180.736828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59344.562295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59344.562295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           864.098462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          397352.440208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1312105284500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   864.098462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.843846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5502552171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5502552171                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    132866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    132866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    132866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76756.787984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76756.787984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76756.787984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76756.787984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76756.787984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76756.787984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75756.787984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75756.787984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75756.787984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75756.787984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75756.787984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75756.787984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4870015                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31929.828166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5825891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4902657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.188313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              467160854500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15800.316688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         12.284994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16117.226483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.482187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.491859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32642                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996155                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  21089594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 21089594                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3279437                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3279437                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          707                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              707                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             319890                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                319890                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1531786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1531786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1851676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1851677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1851676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1851677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          2378070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             2378070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1730                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1730                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2514036                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2514036                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4892106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4893836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4892106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4893836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 182806774500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  182806774500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    128527000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    128527000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 187841745500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 187841745500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     128527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  370648520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     370777047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    128527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 370648520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    370777047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3279437                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3279437                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          707                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          707                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2697960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2697960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1731                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4045822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4045822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           6743782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6745513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          6743782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6745513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.881433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.881433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999422                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999422                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.621391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.621391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.725425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.725495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.725425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.725495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76871.906420                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76871.906420                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74293.063584                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74293.063584                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74717.205919                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74717.205919                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74293.063584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75764.613441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75764.093239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74293.063584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75764.613441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75764.093239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2507873                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2507873                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        62436                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         62436                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2378070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2378070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1730                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1730                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2514036                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2514036                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4892106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4893836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4892106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4893836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 159026074500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 159026074500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111227000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111227000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 162701385500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162701385500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 321727460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 321838687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 321727460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 321838687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.881433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.621391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.725425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.725495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.725425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.725495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66871.906420                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66871.906420                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64293.063584                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64293.063584                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64717.205919                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64717.205919                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64293.063584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65764.613441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65764.093239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64293.063584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65764.613441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65764.093239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2515766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2507873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2352187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2378070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2378070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2515766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14647732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     14647732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               14647732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    236854688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    236854688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               236854688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9753896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9753896    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9753896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         14769644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        16149782250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13488978                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6743465                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          72391                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        72391                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4047553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5787310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5825462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2697960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2697960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4045822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20230321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              20234490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        78016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    320743008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              320821024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4870015                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         11615528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.006232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.078699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               11543136     99.38%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  72392      0.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           11615528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8384561000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1731000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6743782000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
