
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.219421                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                               1219421237500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1219421237500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 679184                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   990166                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1656422583                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   736.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           61184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       175307456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          175368640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        61184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         61184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     92146752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92146752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2739179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2740135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1439793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1439793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              50175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          143762837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             143813011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         50175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            50175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        75565973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             75565973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        75565973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             50175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         143762837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            219378984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2740135                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1439793                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2740135                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1439793                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              175274048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   94592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92143424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               175368640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92146752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1478                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1283448                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            173135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            171719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            172166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            169264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            168944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            168661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            170538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            169553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            167533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            167868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           171471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           171775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           174082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           173542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           173844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           174562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             90773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             90288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             91635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             88442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             89571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             89522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             88653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             88808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            90174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            89884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            90392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            90647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            90836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            91710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1194031934500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2740135                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1439793                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2703314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  87011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  88088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  88093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  88297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  88194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  88339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  88107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  88106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  88197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  88258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  88663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  88086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  88353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  88070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       840859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    318.028911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.271291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.528827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       405956     48.28%     48.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       129268     15.37%     63.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        38326      4.56%     68.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        29378      3.49%     71.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73813      8.78%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10771      1.28%     81.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9073      1.08%     82.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11158      1.33%     84.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       133116     15.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       840859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        88069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.977983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.862461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     73.354716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         88024     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           35      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         88069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        88069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.347875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.331022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.762395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            72572     82.40%     82.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              790      0.90%     83.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14297     16.23%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              393      0.45%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               13      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         88069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  25339360250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             76689179000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13693285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9252.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28002.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       143.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        75.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    143.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     75.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2166310                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1171229                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     285658.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3143130480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1715001750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             10639044000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4656767760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          79646598720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         327145898610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         444682172250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           871628613570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            714.789248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 737395265750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   40719120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  441306059250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3213763560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1753541625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             10722480600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4672753920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          79646598720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         330605735625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         441647227500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           872262101550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            715.308748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 732316818250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   40719120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  446384506750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2438842475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2438842475                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3947234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2016.561458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           300872511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3949282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             76.184104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21732962500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2016.561458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.984649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1223236454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1223236454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    225768570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       225768570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     75103941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       75103941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     300872511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        300872511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    300872511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       300872511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2281126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2281126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1602620                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1602620                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3883746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3883746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3949282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3949282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 117325612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 117325612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 112694300000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 112694300000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 230019912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 230019912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 230019912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 230019912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51433.200972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51433.200972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70318.790481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70318.790481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59226.301617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59226.301617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58243.476156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58243.476156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1201254                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.740103                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1948231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1948231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2281126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2281126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1602620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1602620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3883746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3883746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3949282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3949282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 115044486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 115044486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 111091680000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 111091680000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5620910906                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5620910906                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 226136166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 226136166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 231757076906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 231757076906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50433.200972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50433.200972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69318.790481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69318.790481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85768.293854                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85768.293854                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58226.301617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58226.301617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58683.344696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58683.344696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           471.183201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          714987.362786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1110681958500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   471.183201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.920280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5502551402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5502551402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74555500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74555500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74555500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74555500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74555500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74555500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77500.519751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77500.519751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77500.519751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77500.519751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77500.519751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77500.519751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73593500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73593500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73593500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73593500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73593500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73593500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76500.519751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76500.519751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76500.519751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76500.519751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76500.519751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76500.519751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2744190                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15376.015217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3423393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2760320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.240216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               45364336500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7396.720897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          7.378099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       7971.916221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.451460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.486567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.938477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984497                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12260867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12260867                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1948231                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1948231                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          450                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              450                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             267972                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                267972                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               6                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         942131                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            942131                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1210103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1210109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1210103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1210109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1334648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1334648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           956                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              956                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1404531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1404531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2739179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2740135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2739179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2740135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 105873998500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  105873998500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     72086500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     72086500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 107252699000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 107252699000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      72086500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  213126697500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     213198784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     72086500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 213126697500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    213198784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1948231                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1948231                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          450                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          450                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1602620                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1602620                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          962                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            962                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2346662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2346662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           3949282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3950244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          3949282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3950244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.832791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.832791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993763                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.993763                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.598523                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.598523                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.993763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.693589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.693662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.993763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.693589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.693662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79327.282175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79327.282175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75404.288703                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75404.288703                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76361.930780                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76361.930780                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75404.288703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77806.779878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77805.941678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75404.288703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77806.779878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77805.941678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1439793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1439793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       111423                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        111423                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1334648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1334648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          956                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1404531                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1404531                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2739179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2740135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2739179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2740135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  92527518500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92527518500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62526500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62526500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93207389000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93207389000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62526500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 185734907500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 185797434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62526500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 185734907500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 185797434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.832791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.598523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.693589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.693662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.693589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.693662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69327.282175                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69327.282175                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65404.288703                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65404.288703                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66361.930780                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66361.930780                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65404.288703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67806.779878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67805.941678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65404.288703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67806.779878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67805.941678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1405487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1439793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1283448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1334648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1334648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1405487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8203511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8203511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8203511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    267515392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    267515392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               267515392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5463376                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 5463376    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5463376                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         11253524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        14540836750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      7897928                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3947684                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         132372                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       132372                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2347624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3388024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          450                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3303399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1602620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1602620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2346662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11845797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              11848171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    377440832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              377531200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2744190                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6694434                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.019774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.139221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6562061     98.02%     98.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 132373      1.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6694434                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5897645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1443000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5923923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
