
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ---------
sim_seconds                                  1.396306                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1396305930500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1396305930500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 601593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   877048                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1680016745                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   831.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           58880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       156729504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          156788384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        58880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         58880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     80284160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        80284160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4897797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4899637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2508880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2508880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              42168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          112245820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             112287988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         42168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            42168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        57497543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             57497543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        57497543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             42168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         112245820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            169785531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4899637                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2508880                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4899637                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2508880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              313461312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  115456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                99477504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               156788384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             80284160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1804                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                954519                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2357124                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            308293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            306510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            307242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            303588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            303386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            303318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            306320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            304609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            302014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            301767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           305409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           306056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           309649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           308204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           308719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           312749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             98147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             97614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             98902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             96470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             95967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             95236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             97055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             96549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             95633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             95661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            96868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            96697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            97686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            97692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            98326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            99833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1395175416500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               4899637                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              2508880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4832295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  93470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  94496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  95230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  95250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  95436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1166958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    353.859193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.429643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   380.526069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       531955     45.58%     45.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       176947     15.16%     60.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        56101      4.81%     65.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        34281      2.94%     68.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        69849      5.99%     74.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        17366      1.49%     75.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        38642      3.31%     79.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        28117      2.41%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       213700     18.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1166958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      51.684388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     42.894461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    146.284140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        94722     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           26      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.402524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.383953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.799255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            75230     79.39%     79.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1160      1.22%     80.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            18148     19.15%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              212      0.22%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35446876000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            127281244750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                24489165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7237.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25987.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       224.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        71.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    112.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     57.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  4062552                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1222659                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     188320.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4367570760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2383099125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             19057474800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5028091200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          91199556240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         448981691175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         443936814750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1014954298050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            726.888068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 735036535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   46625540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  614638611000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4454631720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2430602625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             19145622600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             5044006080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          91199556240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         453860683695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         439656996750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1015792099710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            727.488083                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 727859572750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   46625540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  621815573500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2792611861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2792611861                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7404822                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1012.472368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           297415951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7405846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             40.159619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21775304500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1012.472368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.988743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         312227643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        312227643                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    223505550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       223505550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     73910401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       73910401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     297415951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        297415951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    297415951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       297415951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      4544149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4544149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2796161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2796161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      7340310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7340310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      7405846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7405846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 216731040500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 216731040500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 194132082500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 194132082500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 410863123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 410863123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 410863123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 410863123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47694.527732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47694.527732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69428.077460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69428.077460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55973.538311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55973.538311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55478.215858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55478.215858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3733807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3733807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4544149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4544149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2796161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2796161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7340310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7340310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7405846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7405846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 212186891500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 212186891500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 191335921500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 191335921500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5048311000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5048311000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 403522813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 403522813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 408571124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 408571124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036453                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036453                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46694.527732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46694.527732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68428.077460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68428.077460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77031.112671                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77031.112671                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54973.538311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54973.538311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55168.730757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55168.730757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           695.427237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687816731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          331637.768081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   695.427237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.679128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.679128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.864258                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687820879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687820879                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687816731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687816731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687816731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687816731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687816731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687816731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    144603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    144603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    144603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69721.793635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69721.793635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69721.793635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69721.793635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69721.793635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69721.793635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    142529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    142529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    142529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68721.793635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68721.793635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68721.793635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68721.793635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68721.793635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68721.793635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4880471                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31987.406881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7031824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4913230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.431202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              468426892500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15891.435518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         13.203563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16082.767801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.484968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.490807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.976178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999725                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  22523321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 22523321                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3733807                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3733807                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1189                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1189                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             417574                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                417574                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             234                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                234                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2090475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2090475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2508049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2508283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2508049                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2508283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          2378587                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             2378587                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2519210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2519210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4897797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4899637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4897797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4899637                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 182757153000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  182757153000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    136960000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    136960000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 188370687500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 188370687500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     136960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  371127840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     371264800500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    136960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 371127840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    371264800500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3733807                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3733807                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1189                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1189                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2796161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2796161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2074                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2074                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4609685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4609685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           7405846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7407920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          7405846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7407920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.850662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.850662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.887175                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.887175                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.546504                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.546504                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.887175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.661342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.661405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.887175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.661342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.661405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76834.336100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76834.336100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74434.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74434.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74773.713783                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74773.713783                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74434.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75774.443183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75773.940090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74434.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75774.443183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75773.940090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2508880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2508880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        70720                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         70720                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2378587                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2378587                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2519210                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2519210                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4897797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4899637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4897797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4899637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 158971283000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 158971283000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    118560000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118560000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 163178587500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 163178587500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    118560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 322149870500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 322268430500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    118560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 322149870500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 322268430500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.850662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.850662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.887175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.546504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.887175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.661342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.661405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.887175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.661342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.661405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66834.336100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66834.336100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64434.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64434.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64773.713783                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64773.713783                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64434.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65774.443183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65773.940090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64434.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65774.443183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65773.940090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2521050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2508880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2357124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2378587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2378587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2521050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14665278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     14665278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               14665278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    237072544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    237072544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               237072544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9765641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9765641    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9765641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         14783403000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        16168446250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14813931                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7406011                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          85187                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        85187                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4611759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6242687                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6042605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2796161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2796161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4609685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22216513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              22221850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       104416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    356468896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              356573312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4880471                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         12288391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.006932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.082972                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               12203203     99.31%     99.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  85188      0.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           12288391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9274463500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2074000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        7405846000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
