
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.225410                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                               1225410195500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1225410195500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 679511                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   990642                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1665358193                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   735.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           65344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       176084992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          176150336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        65344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         65344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     92240192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92240192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2751328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2752349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1441253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1441253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              53324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          143694734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             143748058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         53324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            53324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        75272911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             75272911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        75272911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             53324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         143694734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            219020969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2752349                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1441253                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2752349                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1441253                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              176008320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  142016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92226752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               176150336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92240192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   178                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1294259                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            173737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            172175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            172847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            169480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            169495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            169112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            171043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            170038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            167918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            168121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           171771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           172157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           175268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           174131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           174361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           178476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             90937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             90406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             91723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             88390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             89731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             89498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             88640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             88693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            90095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            89853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            90560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            90773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            91028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            92440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1224284613500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2752349                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1441253                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2714656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  87099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  88099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  88168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  88218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  88400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  88293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  88308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  88187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  88178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  88278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  88308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  88704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  88162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  88363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  88146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       850595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    315.349928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.578492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.674885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       413975     48.67%     48.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       131915     15.51%     64.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        36858      4.33%     68.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        28970      3.41%     71.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        74826      8.80%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10447      1.23%     81.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9219      1.08%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11200      1.32%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       133185     15.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       850595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        88142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.015849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.952202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     72.086327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         88087     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           45      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         88142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        88142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.349107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.332234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.762745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            72559     82.32%     82.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              817      0.93%     83.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14357     16.29%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              398      0.45%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         88142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  25623279750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             77188217250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13750650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9317.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28067.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       143.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        75.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    143.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     75.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2169608                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1170970                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     291941.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3174958080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1732368000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             10669830600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4658867280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          80037681360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         331683536655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         444294363750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           876251605725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            715.069238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 736716926750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   40919060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  447772084500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3255540120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1776336375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             10781183400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4679091360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          80037681360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         338669713440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         438166138500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           877365684555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            715.978387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 726467176250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   40919060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  458021835000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2450820391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2450820391                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4364621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2016.708987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           300455124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4366669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             68.806480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21742207500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2016.708987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.984721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         309188462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        309188462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    225411421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       225411421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     75043703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       75043703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     300455124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        300455124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    300455124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       300455124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2638275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2638275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1662858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1662858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4301133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4301133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4366669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4366669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 122933559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 122933559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 113483114000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 113483114000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 236416673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 236416673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 236416673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 236416673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46596.188419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46596.188419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68245.823756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68245.823756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54966.138690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54966.138690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54141.193894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54141.193894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1205702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             19656                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.340151                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2221026                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2221026                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2638275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2638275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1662858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1662858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4301133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4301133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4366669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4366669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 120295284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120295284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 111820256000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 111820256000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5625473920                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5625473920                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 232115540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 232115540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 237741013920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 237741013920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45596.188419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45596.188419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67245.823756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67245.823756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85837.919922                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85837.919922                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53966.138690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53966.138690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54444.477912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54444.477912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               705                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           389.117106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          588884.963185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   389.117106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.759994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.759994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687819973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687819973                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     81818500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81818500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     81818500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81818500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     81818500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81818500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70050.085616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70050.085616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70050.085616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70050.085616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70050.085616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70050.085616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          705                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               705                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     80650500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80650500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     80650500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80650500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     80650500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80650500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69050.085616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.085616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69050.085616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.085616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69050.085616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.085616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2766804                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15476.904994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4152201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2783084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.491942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               45393254500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7521.576268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          7.991148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       7947.337578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.459081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.485067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.944635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993652                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  13179104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 13179104                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2221026                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2221026                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          705                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              705                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             326830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                326830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             147                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                147                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1288511                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1288511                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1615341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1615488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1615341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1615488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1336028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1336028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1021                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1021                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1415300                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1415300                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2751328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2752349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2751328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2752349                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 105894230500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  105894230500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77351000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     77351000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 108328695000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 108328695000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      77351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  214222925500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     214300276500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 214222925500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    214300276500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2221026                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2221026                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          705                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          705                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1662858                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1662858                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1168                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1168                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2703811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2703811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4366669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4367837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4366669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4367837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.803453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.803453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.874144                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.874144                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.523446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.523446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.874144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.630075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.630140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.874144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.630075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.630140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79260.487430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79260.487430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75760.039177                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75760.039177                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76541.153819                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76541.153819                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75760.039177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77861.645540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77860.865937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75760.039177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77861.645540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77860.865937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1441253                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1441253                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       134113                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        134113                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1336028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1336028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1021                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1415300                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1415300                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2751328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2752349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2751328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2752349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  92533950500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92533950500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67141000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67141000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  94175695000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  94175695000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186709645500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 186776786500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186709645500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 186776786500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.803453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.874144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.523446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.874144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.630075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.630140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.874144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.630075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.630140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69260.487430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69260.487430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65760.039177                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65760.039177                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66541.153819                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66541.153819                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65760.039177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67861.645540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67860.865937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65760.039177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67861.645540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67860.865937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1416321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1441253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1294259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1336028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1336028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1416321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8240210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8240210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8240210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    268390528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    268390528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               268390528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5487861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 5487861    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5487861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         11283893500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        14607131750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8733163                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4365326                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         165405                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       165405                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2704979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3662279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3469145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1662858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1662858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2703811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13097958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              13100999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       119872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    421612480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              421732352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2766804                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7134641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.023184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.150486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6969235     97.68%     97.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 165406      2.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7134641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6588312500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1752000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6550003500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
