
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.224576                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1224575760500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                              1224575760500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 608673                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   887369                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1490731296                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   821.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           60992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       175609920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          175670912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        60992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         60992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     92674240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92674240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2743905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2744858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1448035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1448035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              49807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          143404700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             143454507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         49807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            49807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        75678650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             75678650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        75678650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             49807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         143404700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            219133157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2744858                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1448035                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2744858                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1448035                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              175539200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  131712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92668352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               175670912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92674240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2058                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    62                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1279570                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            173368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            171912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            172482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            169338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            169311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            168785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            170804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            169856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            167730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            168024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           171511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           171850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           174485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           173843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           174073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           175428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             91385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             90878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             92219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             89402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             88814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             90096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             89998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             89104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             89220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            90508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            90231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            90921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            91182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            91379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            92696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1220254627500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2744858                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1448035                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2707510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  87771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  88109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  88459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  88557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  88621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  88934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  88644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  88784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  88568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  88548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  88600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  88627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  88810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  88536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  88705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  88532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       852610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    314.572374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.924408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   352.468118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       409292     48.00%     48.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       131968     15.48%     63.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40679      4.77%     68.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        32987      3.87%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        76158      8.93%     81.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12778      1.50%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9589      1.12%     83.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9387      1.10%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       129772     15.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       852610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        88531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.980775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.717844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     83.977832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         88476     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           41      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         88531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        88531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.355209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.338212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.765301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            72538     81.94%     81.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              826      0.93%     82.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14906     16.84%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              248      0.28%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         88531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  25652252250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             77079752250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13714000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9352.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28102.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       143.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        75.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    143.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     75.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2164158                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1173975                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     291029.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3188936520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1739995125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             10653676800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4683108960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          79983265440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         330345010215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         444968632500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           875562625560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            714.993101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 737876262250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   40891240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  445807440250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3256795080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1777021125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             10740163200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4699561680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          79983265440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         333962512650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         441795384750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           876214703925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            715.525595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 732562204250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   40891240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  451121498250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2449151521                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2449151521                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4329943                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1009.718309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           300490826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4330967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             69.381925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21701452500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1009.718309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.986053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1223618139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1223618139                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    225446420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       225446420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     75044406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       75044406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     300490826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        300490826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    300490826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       300490826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2603276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2603276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1662155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1662155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4265431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4265431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4330967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4330967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 121341044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 121341044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 114214976000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114214976000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 235556020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 235556020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 235556020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 235556020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46610.902570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46610.902570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68714.997097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68714.997097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55224.435702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55224.435702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54388.781997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54388.781997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1199798                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20328                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.021940                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2105331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2105331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2603276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2603276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1662155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1662155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4265431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4265431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4330967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4330967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118737768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 118737768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 112552821000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 112552821000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5618503437                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5618503437                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 231290589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 231290589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 236909092437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 236909092437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45610.902570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45610.902570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67714.997097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67714.997097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85731.558792                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85731.558792                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54224.435702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54224.435702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54701.200087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54701.200087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                78                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           603.163496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          720983.072327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   603.163496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.589027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.589027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5502551394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5502551394                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75656500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75656500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75656500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75656500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75656500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75656500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79304.507338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79304.507338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79304.507338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79304.507338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79304.507338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79304.507338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74702500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74702500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74702500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74702500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74702500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74702500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78304.507338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78304.507338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78304.507338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78304.507338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78304.507338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78304.507338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2740270                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15770.465292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4164458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2756450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.510805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               45329408500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7683.146918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          7.358147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       8079.960227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.468942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.493162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.962553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  13080546                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 13080546                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2105331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2105331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           78                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               78                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             322413                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                322413                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1264649                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1264649                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1587062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1587063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1587062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1587063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1339742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1339742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           953                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              953                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1404163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1404163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2743905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2744858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                953                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2743905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2744858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 106674204500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  106674204500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73260000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     73260000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 107073982500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 107073982500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      73260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  213748187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     213821447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 213748187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    213821447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2105331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2105331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           78                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           78                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1662155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1662155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            954                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2668812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2668812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4330967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4331921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4330967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4331921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.806027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.806027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998952                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998952                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.526138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.526138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.633555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.633635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.633555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.633635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79622.945687                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79622.945687                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76873.032529                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76873.032529                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76254.667371                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76254.667371                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76873.032529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77899.266556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77898.910253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76873.032529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77899.266556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77898.910253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1448035                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1448035                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        78808                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         78808                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1339742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1339742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          953                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1404163                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1404163                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2743905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2744858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2743905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2744858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93276784500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93276784500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63730000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63730000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93032352500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93032352500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186309137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 186372867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186309137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 186372867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.806027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.526138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.526138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.633555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.633635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.633555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.633635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69622.945687                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69622.945687                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66873.032529                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66873.032529                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66254.667371                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66254.667371                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66873.032529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67899.266556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67898.910253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66873.032529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67899.266556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67898.910253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1405116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1448035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1279570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1339742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1339742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1405116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8217321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8217321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8217321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    268345152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    268345152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               268345152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5472463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 5472463    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5472463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         11295415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        14567561500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8661942                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4330021                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          91473                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        91473                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2669766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3553366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           78                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3516846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1662155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1662155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2668812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12991876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12993862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        66048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    411923072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              411989120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2740270                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7072191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.012934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.112991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6980717     98.71%     98.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  91474      1.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7072191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6436380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1431000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6496450500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
