
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.223892                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                               1223891933500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1223891933500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 626149                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   912847                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1532676706                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   798.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           61888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       175553024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          175614912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        61888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         61888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     92651008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92651008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2743016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2743983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1447672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1447672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              50567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          143438337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             143488904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         50567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            50567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        75701952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             75701952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        75701952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             50567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         143438337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            219190856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2743983                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1447672                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2743983                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1447672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              175493248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  121664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92646784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               175614912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92651008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1901                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1279068                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            173322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            171883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            172423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            169322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            169209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            168779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            170732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            169829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            167708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            168022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           171464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           171819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           174403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           173838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           174021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           175308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             91404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             90860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             92168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             89361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             88799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             90068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             89970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             89103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             89221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            90505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            90231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            90892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            91178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            91328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            92648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1219570800500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2743983                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1447672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2706830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  16017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  87440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  88278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  88534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  88573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  88860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  88646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  88957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  88533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  88537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  88571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  88594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  89019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  88516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  88848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  88511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       851396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    314.941616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.936852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   353.227644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       408592     47.99%     47.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       132128     15.52%     63.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42052      4.94%     68.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        31061      3.65%     72.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        75222      8.84%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12232      1.44%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10472      1.23%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9631      1.13%     84.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       130006     15.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       851396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        88508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.980714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.714917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     91.824499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        88495     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         88508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        88508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.355651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.338676                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.764662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            72485     81.90%     81.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              830      0.94%     82.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14940     16.88%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              249      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         88508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  25591194250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             77005231750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13710410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9332.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28082.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       143.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        75.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    143.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     75.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2164044                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1174248                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     290952.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3182072040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1736249625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             10650892200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4681800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          79938512160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         330191524890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         444692154750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           875073205665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            714.993498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 737399662500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   40868360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  445621730000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3254481720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1775758875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             10737347400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4698686880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          79938512160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         333445751505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         441837570000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           875688108540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            715.495915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 732617522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   40868360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  450403870500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2447783867                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2447783867                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4280382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1009.710644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           300540387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4281406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             70.196657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21701447500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1009.710644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.986046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2442855750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2442855750                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    225488943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       225488943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     75051444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       75051444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     300540387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        300540387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    300540387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       300540387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2560753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2560753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1655117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1655117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4215870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4215870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4281406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4281406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 120810701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 120810701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 114012458000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114012458000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 234823159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 234823159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 234823159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 234823159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47177.803170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47177.803170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68884.832915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68884.832915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55699.810241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55699.810241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54847.206502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54847.206502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1196483                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             19737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.621320                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2071158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2071158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2560753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2560753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1655117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1655117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4215870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4215870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4281406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4281406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118249948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 118249948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 112357341000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 112357341000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5598628932                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5598628932                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 230607289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 230607289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 236205917932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 236205917932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46177.803170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46177.803170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67884.832915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67884.832915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85428.297913                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85428.297913                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54699.810241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54699.810241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55170.174922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55170.174922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               119                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           574.895461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          698292.203046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   574.895461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.280711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.280711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.422852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687819790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687819790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75952500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75952500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75952500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75952500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75952500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75952500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77109.137056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77109.137056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77109.137056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77109.137056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77109.137056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77109.137056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74967500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74967500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74967500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74967500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74967500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74967500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76109.137056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76109.137056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76109.137056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76109.137056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76109.137056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76109.137056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2738804                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15773.871859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4076476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2754983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.479674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               45329521500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7685.782271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          7.616917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       8080.472671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.469103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.493193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.962761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987488                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12972991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12972991                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2071158                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2071158                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          119                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              119                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             315584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                315584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              18                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 18                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1222806                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1222806                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1538390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1538408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   18                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1538390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1538408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1339533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1339533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           967                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              967                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1403483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1403483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2743016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2743983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2743016                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2743983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 106560976000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  106560976000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73300000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     73300000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 107069502000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 107069502000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      73300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  213630478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     213703778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 213630478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    213703778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2071158                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2071158                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          119                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1655117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1655117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          985                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            985                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2626289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2626289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4281406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4282391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4281406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4282391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.809328                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.809328                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981726                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.981726                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.534398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.534398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.981726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.640681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.640760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.981726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.640681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.640760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79550.840479                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79550.840479                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75801.447777                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75801.447777                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76288.421021                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76288.421021                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75801.447777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77881.601128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77880.868067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75801.447777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77881.601128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77880.868067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1447672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1447672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        76216                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         76216                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1339533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1339533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          967                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          967                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1403483                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1403483                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2743016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2743983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2743016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2743983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93165646000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93165646000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63630000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63630000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93034672000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93034672000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186200318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 186263948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186200318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 186263948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.809328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.534398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.640681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.640760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.640681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.640760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69550.840479                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69550.840479                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65801.447777                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65801.447777                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66288.421021                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66288.421021                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65801.447777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67881.601128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67880.868067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65801.447777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67881.601128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67880.868067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1404450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1447672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1279068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1339533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1339533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1404450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8214706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8214706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8214706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    268265920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    268265920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               268265920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5470723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 5470723    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5470723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         11292505500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        14562856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8562892                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4280501                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          88280                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        88280                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2627274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3518830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3500355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1655117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1655117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2626289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12843193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12845282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    406564096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              406634752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2738804                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7021195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.012574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.111424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6932914     98.74%     98.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  88281      1.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7021195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6352723000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1477500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6422109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
