
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.379093                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1379093148500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1379093148500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 643698                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   938432                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1775439927                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 835392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   776.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           55360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       156295232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          156350592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        55360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         55360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     79827936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        79827936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4884226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4885956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2494623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2494623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              40142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          113331889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             113372032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         40142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            40142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        57884368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             57884368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        57884368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             40142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         113331889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            171256400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4885956                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2494623                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4885956                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2494623                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              312660672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   40512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                98846720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               156350592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             79827936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    633                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                950121                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2357548                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            307894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            306229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            305995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            303320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            302758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            302978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            305654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            303820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            301618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            301546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           305092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           305828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           308630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           307666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           307794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           308501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             97543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             97081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             97956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             95985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             95435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             94889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             96389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             95978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             95265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             95335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            96483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            96273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            97138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            97211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            97428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            98091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1352917182500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               4885956                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              2494623                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4819786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  18905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  92776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  93924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  94977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  94711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  94894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1152706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    356.992496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.123963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   381.661594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       522902     45.36%     45.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       170544     14.80%     60.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        56570      4.91%     65.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        32831      2.85%     67.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        74069      6.43%     74.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16218      1.41%     75.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        38150      3.31%     79.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26644      2.31%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       214778     18.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1152706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      51.708192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     43.126594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    126.816105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        94171     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           36      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.392969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.374566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.796164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            75317     79.94%     79.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1249      1.33%     81.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17193     18.25%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              444      0.47%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35252595250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            126852401500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                24426615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7216.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25966.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       226.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        71.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    113.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     57.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  4062392                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1214705                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     183307.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4320547560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2357441625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             19021454400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4997738880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          90075638640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         441523575765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         440154453750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1002450850620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            726.891375                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 728799975250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   46050940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  604242158500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4393909800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2397470625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             19084065000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             5010491520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          90075638640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         443859006555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         438105830250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1002926412390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            727.236212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 725353785250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   46050940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  607688348500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2758186297                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2758186297                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6047156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4037.562806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           298770545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6051252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             49.373344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21994491500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4037.562806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.985733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2444625628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2444625628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224674108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224674108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     74096437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       74096437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     298770545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        298770545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    298770545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       298770545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3375591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3375591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2610125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2610125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      5985716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5985716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      6051252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6051252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 200998551500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 200998551500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 191308046500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 191308046500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 392306598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 392306598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 392306598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 392306598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034027                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034027                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59544.699432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59544.699432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73294.591830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73294.591830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65540.462996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65540.462996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64830.649591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64830.649591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2958584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2958584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3375591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3375591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2610125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2610125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      5985716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5985716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6051252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6051252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 197622960500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 197622960500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 188697921500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188697921500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5045532000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5045532000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 386320882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 386320882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 391366414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 391366414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58544.699432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58544.699432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72294.591830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72294.591830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76988.708496                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76988.708496                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64540.462996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64540.462996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64675.279430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64675.279430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           863.822466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          397352.440208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1303234911500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   863.822466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.843577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5502552171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5502552171                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    133409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    133409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    133409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    133409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77070.479492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77070.479492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77070.479492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77070.479492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77070.479492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77070.479492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76070.479492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76070.479492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76070.479492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76070.479492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76070.479492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76070.479492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4878351                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 30751.653493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4454631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4910609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.907144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              467239395500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14945.486350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         11.987307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15794.179836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.456100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.482000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.938466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984436                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  19621579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 19621579                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2958584                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2958584                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          707                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              707                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             239997                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                239997                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         927029                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            927029                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1167026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1167027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1167026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1167027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          2370128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             2370128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1730                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1730                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2514098                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2514098                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4884226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4885956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4884226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4885956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 182262765500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  182262765500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    129070000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    129070000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 187772997500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 187772997500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     129070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  370035763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     370164833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    129070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 370035763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    370164833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2958584                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2958584                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          707                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          707                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2610125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2610125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1731                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1731                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3441127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3441127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           6051252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6052983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          6051252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6052983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.908052                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.908052                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999422                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999422                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.730603                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.730603                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.807143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.807198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.807143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.807198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76899.967217                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76899.967217                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74606.936416                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74606.936416                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74688.018327                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74688.018327                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74606.936416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75761.392491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75760.983726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74606.936416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75761.392491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75760.983726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2494623                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2494623                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       125092                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        125092                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2370128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2370128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1730                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1730                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2514098                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2514098                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4884226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4885956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4884226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4885956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 158561485500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 158561485500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111770000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111770000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 162632017500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162632017500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 321193503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 321305273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 321193503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 321305273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.908052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.730603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.807143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.807198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.807143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.807198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66899.967217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66899.967217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64606.936416                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64606.936416                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64688.018327                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64688.018327                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64606.936416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65761.392491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65760.983726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64606.936416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65761.392491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65760.983726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2515828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2494623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2357548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2370128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2370128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2515828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14624083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     14624083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               14624083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    236178528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    236178528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               236178528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9738127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9738127    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9738127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         14727377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        16121776500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     12100846                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6047863                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         151272                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       151272                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3442858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5453207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5472299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2610125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2610125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3441127                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18149659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              18153828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        78016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    288314752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              288392768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4878351                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         10931334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.013838                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.116820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10780061     98.62%     98.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 151273      1.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           10931334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7530068500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1731000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6051252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
