
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ---------
sim_seconds                                  1.229070                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1229069898500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1229069898500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 680506                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   992093                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1672778479                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 832956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   734.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       175776768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          175838976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     92944576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92944576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2746512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2747484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1452259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1452259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              50614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          143016087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             143066701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         50614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            50614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        75621880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             75621880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        75621880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             50614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         143016087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            218688581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2747484                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1452259                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2747484                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1452259                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              175658240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  180736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92933376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               175838976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92944576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2824                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   154                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1278124                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            173434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            171908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            172677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            169392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            169452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            168869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            171006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            169937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            167756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            168051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           171552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           171887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           174693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           173874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           174237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           175935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             91663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             91086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             92574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             90079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             89655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             88931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             90448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             90216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             89283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             89391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            90717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            90415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            91141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            91366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            91766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            93353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1224748621500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2747484                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1452259                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2709259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  16195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  87817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  88473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  88602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  88779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  88822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  89013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  88828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  89025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  88797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  88795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  88808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  88815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  89319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  88779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  89050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  88768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       854974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    314.151794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.766826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   354.343687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       413596     48.38%     48.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       133639     15.63%     64.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        38652      4.52%     68.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        31281      3.66%     72.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        75167      8.79%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10469      1.22%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9247      1.08%     83.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12786      1.50%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       130137     15.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       854974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        88767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.919362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.647665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     83.953500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         88714     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           40      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         88767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        88767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.358376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.341349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.765657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            72557     81.74%     81.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              801      0.90%     82.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            15231     17.16%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              166      0.19%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         88767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  25680184250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             77142559250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13723300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9356.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28106.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       142.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        75.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    143.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     75.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2164264                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1177506                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     291624.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3196224360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1743971625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             10660065000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4695744960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          80276704560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         332140752180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         446089020000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           878802482685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            715.015583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 739723142750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   41041260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  448303206000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3267379080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1782796125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             10748283000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4713759360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          80276704560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         335415963060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         443216028000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           879420913185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            715.518753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 734906941500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   41041260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  453119407250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2458139797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720629                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2458139797                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960306      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024114     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115222     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706561     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4692408                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           506.241208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           300128873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4692920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             63.953546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21676867500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   506.241208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.988752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2443267264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2443267264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    225144966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       225144966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     74983907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       74983907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     300128873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        300128873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    300128873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       300128873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2904730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2904730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1722654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1722654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4627384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4627384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4692920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4692920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 125328664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 125328664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 115079989000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 115079989000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 240408653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 240408653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 240408653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 240408653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022458                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022458                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43146.407411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43146.407411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66803.890392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66803.890392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51953.469390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51953.469390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51227.946140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51227.946140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1203800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20186                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.635391                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2269949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2269949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2904730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2904730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1722654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1722654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4627384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4627384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4692920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4692920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 122423934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 122423934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 113357335000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113357335000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5628940918                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5628940918                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 235781269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 235781269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 241410209918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 241410209918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022458                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022458                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42146.407411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42146.407411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65803.890392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65803.890392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85890.822113                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85890.822113                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50953.469390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50953.469390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51441.364847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51441.364847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.543620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          687130.673327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.543620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.496625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.496625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.708008                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687819806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687819806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76834500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76834500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76834500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76834500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76834500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76834500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76757.742258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76757.742258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76757.742258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76757.742258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76757.742258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76757.742258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75833500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75833500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75833500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75833500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75833500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75833500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75757.742258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75757.742258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75757.742258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75757.742258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75757.742258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75757.742258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2738298                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15967.209666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4896394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2754607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.777529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               45310961500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7847.067030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          7.702982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       8112.439654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.478947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.495144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  13863865                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 13863865                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2269949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2269949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          276                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              276                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             380420                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                380420                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              29                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 29                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1565988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1565988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1946408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1946437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1946408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1946437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1342234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1342234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           972                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              972                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1404278                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1404278                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2746512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2747484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2746512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2747484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 106778886500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  106778886500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74026500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     74026500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 107154473500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 107154473500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      74026500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  213933360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     214007386500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74026500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 213933360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    214007386500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2269949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2269949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          276                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          276                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1722654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1722654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2970266                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2970266                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4692920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4693921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4692920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4693921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.779166                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.779166                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.971029                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.971029                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.472779                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.472779                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.971029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.585246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.585328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.971029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.585246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.585328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79553.108102                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79553.108102                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76158.950617                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76158.950617                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76305.741100                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76305.741100                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76158.950617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77892.745417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77892.132038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76158.950617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77892.745417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77892.132038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1452259                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1452259                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        12931                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         12931                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1342234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1342234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          972                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1404278                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1404278                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2746512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2747484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2746512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2747484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93356546500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93356546500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64306500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64306500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93111693500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93111693500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64306500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186468240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 186532546500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64306500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 186468240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 186532546500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.779166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.971029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.472779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.971029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.585246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.585328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.971029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.585246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.585328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69553.108102                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69553.108102                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66158.950617                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66158.950617                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66305.741100                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66305.741100                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66158.950617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67892.745417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67892.132038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66158.950617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67892.745417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67892.132038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1405250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1452259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1278124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1342234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1342234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1405250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8225351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8225351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8225351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    268783552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    268783552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               268783552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5477867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 5477867    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5477867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         11317910500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        14582220500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9386605                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4692684                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          20846                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        20846                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2971267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3722208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3708497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1722654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1722654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2970266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14078247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              14080525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        81728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    445623616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              445705344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2738298                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7432219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7411372     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  20847      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7432219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6963527500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1501500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        7039380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
